You know what I do is write for kids -- and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, smaller in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist as a science.
I can be able to look at it as a corner, and you have no course and no one has had a collapse.
I'm here to talk to you about cartoons and engineers.
And you know that a giant film is something that goes into some place.
You just have to go back to the ship to see it as a film.
That's the oil of a crisis.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Black.
It's the kind of complicated cancer that I'm going to talk about.
My crisis started in the 1950s in the middle school in the middle school -- Ben where I was the face of the class of the class.
When they came up to a week at the bottom of the kids, until a teacher took me life.
She saved my life when I was going to go back to the bank of the teacher room.
I did it in secret ...
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a pile, and 75 dollars and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the years, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight against AIDS that they found against AIDS to fight against AIDS who were fighting against AIDS who were fight against AIDS who were fight against AIDS who were fighting against AIDS against AIDS
So about three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called a phone called the subject that he said, "I need to see.
I am supporting that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Oh, and please go to that man I know you've ever found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to tell you about this by factory?
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went back to see, we went up, we went up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place -- we interact it, and we put it up and we go out of their family, because it was necessary to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to know as an adult I got to know it, it became a box box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the cancer had been closed, he had become a crisis -- and that phenomenon that I told you was made on itself.
The engineer is that death is part of life.
She took my life, my part and I went back to it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beautiful, and I'm very happy to talk about this.
It also needs -- you need digital, love and plant and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an art -- the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not sitting from nature and everything is interacting.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first posters.
I was an amazing.
My heart head quickly was translated, trying to understand what I was front of me.
They put them up to me around the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was about a piece of news about another year of nine years after year.
The publishers are born when you get away from the bacteria or they are broken out the ice.
Every guy has their own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment.
Some of them are going to get up and go up to the end, while others can't be able to put it more and they were destroying in a distributed passion.
It's easy to think about it, and you see a pulse, which are self-such self-started and just as much as we see us sometimes as humans as humans.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As you get a chart, I'm going to be able to give up their activity atmosphere.
As you get a lot of literal water.
And I have to photograph these posters as if it was going to be about the challenges of my antibiotics, knowing that in these unique moments of that way.
It's not the death when they're defeated -- it's not a end, but a content of their way for the center of life.
And part of the ice of the phones that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a phone that photograph in Philips, Greenland.
It's a little bit of a little bit to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a little bit of it.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little book.
It's about five meters old.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the chemical and their flow line and their flower.
You can see here, it starts to save, the boat has moved down to the other side and the man is there.
So this is a German pollution of the average size of it.
It comes out of the water about 150 feet or 40 meters old.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the pollution shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts of 1990, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of the bear a baby -- OK.
So two parts every single one with a baby.
I don't want you to stay too much on the details of the consciousness -- because if you stop thinking about the concept in it, they're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the creature and the hope.
And in the other case, the X-ray car of the hope is used to the X-ray X-ray of the value.
They both learn and it goes through life.
We will go to talk about them.
And in my activity I would take two regions.
In one of my records, I work with the story of the antibiotics.
I am a story for matter and what I study in this case is the way people open up and to say, from human body and animals -- how have you considered the body forces, the idea of the body.
The other role that I challenge in my work is the activity, as a department of patients or as I say sometimes with people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical challenges are going to be the social norms.
I have been working -- for example, with each other, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with analogy, people much more low than the media.
And I've worked with many cases of people with sex sex -- individuals whose physical phone doesn't fit in the male statistics and conventional females.
In general lines we can call it interview.
The interaction is a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not known in the common common forms or film.
For example, it's the case of the individual content with the basis of the corner of the crime -- and it says to the prisoners, that we all have in the final life, which will become terrorists.
And then, in the final life, the techniques produce terrorism.
But because this individual comes out of the sea restaurants, the body doesn't reaction to the same.
It is the sensor of investments to the neuroscientists.
So there are high levels of terrorism, but without reaction here.
As a consequence, the body will be developed by a little bit of financial culture.
When it was, the baby has a little bit of child.
It's a girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not to the police, when it is growing up and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when someone is going to realize something is going on.
And then you have to be able to find out that instead of having a little bit of time, and it actually has techniques and a criticism and a crime.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men -- we have in the body something called surgery grandmothers.
They're in the bottom part of the body.
The surgeon generations produce neurons, the horrible of male.
Most women like me -- I think of a typical woman -- I don't know their communication structure -- I think to be a typical woman.
We produce neurons and respond to the neuroscientists.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most successful brain to the neuroscientists that the woman who was born with techniques that have the sensor of responsibility to the neuroscientists.
So the sex is something complicated -- it's not that insects are in the middle of the space -- in a way, they can be everywhere.
Another example -- a few years ago, I got a call of a 19-year-old card of 18 years ago, and he was going to be a neighborhood, and I had sex relationships with her, he took a life as a look and I just found out that I had a little bit and I just found out that I had a little bit and I just discovered that I had
I had an extreme form of a disease known as a control superpower control.
He had 20th and the stage of the surgeon the surgeon stations were so active that, in the way, they created a massive media.
As a consequence, their genome was married, his brain was except to the commercial commercial computer that was extremely married.
I was born with a kid -- no one sounds anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems by the Internet, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman on the inside of it.
Well, another quick example of a case.
Some people who are going to develop what you know as a companies, is to say, they have a little bit of superpower search in the technical test.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of body -- and they are animals, and they are standards, or instruments, and they are being used to normal surgery.
In many cases, people are perfectly support.
The reason you get to a lot of structures is that they are a threat for our social cards.
The system is based on the idea that a particular plant is a particular identity of a particular idea.
We have the idea that it's going to be a woman to have the feeling of fundamental identity -- it will be black to say that we have African animal in history.
A very simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with cartoon.
And so we have very radical ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very red individual individual.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born as two people within a body.
The recent case in the last year is last year with the South African Carolina County, and it was put in the plant of the sea in the international Banglades.
A lot of phases called to ask you, "What are you going to do to do to decide if you spend Simi is man or woman?
And I had to explain to you that there is not such an exception.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to accept that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women and women and women and women and women and instruments, we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more you get to the science, the more we have to accept that these cards -- that we thought they were straight animal analogy that will be cut directly with increasing international interactive interactions.
And not only in terms of sex.
And also in terms of reason -- something that turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
As we see, we get in a special terror.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact of them in just a few numbers?
And as we play in science we get more and more in an amazing area in which we have to recognize that the simple cards that we're going to do is probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of the bones of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is human and it has different rights to the fishing of the fishing.
There are a very complicated discussion today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within the medicine.
Our antibiotics had never got to get them with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of them put it up in the north of the night and if you move it still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, to be able to give up visual organisms of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to deal with the death of determine the death of somebody -- and this is put us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple cards of the past.
And you may think that this expectation of cartoons could reach someone like me.
In policy I'm protecting the people with individual body, but I have to accept that I get nervous to me.
I will be able to build that these cards are much more invisible than what we think about me.
It turns out from the view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this teeth first I have to accept that I am a sentence of the Facebook parents of Fortune.
I know that they were restaurant, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so valuable and strangers and so radical in what they did -- that I found every so much looking at that music.
This is why it happened in 1977 with the Facebook parents here.
The Facebook parents were to me, to me, the first artists of the analyze and told them why.
And what they remember was an amazing concept and they started it with another thing that was radical and beautiful, and it was kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember what our parents were represented was the idea of the monster. The movement was based on a very simple concept of the analogy.
The old world of the old world did not know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of national right.
They had the concept of blue sea.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right of the grandmother of the grandmother to the father and then the son, so on.
The Fortune parents came up with that idea and they represent it for a new anti-search concept and that concept was that all men are created by the same.
They took the field of game and decided that the animal that matters it was in common in common and not the attractive differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part of them they were doing it because they were part of a strange system in which they were getting two things.
And he was looking at democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Facebook parents that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were talking about the supermarket explosions, and so they were able to remember the concept of human power.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Department of the Indian industry, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consciousness they were trying to get the idea of the anti-scale conversation.
And when you do that, they were sitting the base of the future of the civil rights of civil rights of City.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what did years later.
And women.
And then I came up with the success of the civil rights with people who were the career of the San Angeles -- who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the fields of the National rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color that put up to the anti-scale conversation on the anti-search difference.
We see the same thing with the movement of the Disance.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start asking us why we keep a certain distribution.
But attention to me, I want to keep a little bit in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't mean that we should be able to get up to the analytic.
I don't mean that the five years of five years had to allow them to have sexual relationships or going down.
There are a little bit of an amazing distributions that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things about this talk.
We have two beings, both of us continued to be in 1990s exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mars was born three months before time -- one of the 1980s of 1990.
Heart, by the way, he was born in term -- he was born at one percent of 1980.
And for the only fact that I was born three months before Mars is given all the right three months before he was to Hong -- the right to the sex -- the right to the vision, the right to be a role."
Honoyer has to wait for all of that not because it has a different age, but because he was born later.
We found other reasons in relationship to their right.
Heart, instead of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you whether it's X, instead of being considered a man now is possible of the public European that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
March, by the way, you don't have the same rights to the market that Host-hand in all the states for example.
Honoyer can happen in all of the states with a woman with a woman, but Mars can take a woman just in some states in some state.
And so they still put an early cardia that in various aspects are problems and questions.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes up as much in the field of the language that we get to the point of having to allow that a democracy based on the analogy could support.
I don't want to stay to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is going on.
Where do we go.
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of protective action, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people who have come up in a strong position in a road.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to take a man with a man not you have to have criticism and that to be able to get a woman you have to have criminals -- and you have to be creative.
Now, in the practice they don't make them critical to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you to the beginning of the investment of the investment to the neuroscientists.
If you look at one of the forced parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars.
It says that we should play the people who are not in the color of their skin -- but in the control of their coral, I get beyond the analogy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice how do you do?
How do you play people on the bottom of their card?
I want to stay as well as I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give them right to the people, because I have to accept that I know from some of the social services that probably make the social services that some humans I know.
I also mean that maybe some shorters that I know can take more disconnected decisions -- intelligent and motivations about their sexual relationships that I know.
So how do you put it in practice of the content of control?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is asked what will happen if the cartoon of one person could be in the future to be a meaning with an instrument -- maybe with a massive restaurant.
We want to really get to that point, right?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States.
We have done a good job on democracy and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like a man who would be a man who feels going through other men is sustainable to be morning, unless it's willing to be willing to be able to stay to a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I mean, I have to say that we don't have a context like the one of a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had been made to light and then to be able to be able to be able to take them up and get up with their family.
But when the phone was asked to be asked to be a very risky operation, I thought that in that other country these kids would be very wonderful.
What I said, "Well, has I considered the political position instead of the stage in the stage.
The United States.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to end up I mean I have been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been a greater thing to the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit a little bit a little bit about a film, and I think that there may be different ideas of different properties of different terms -- particularly if there are people thinking of group.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in the instrument, I've also been interested in thinking about sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and to be on the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women in average -- not all, but in average -- they tend to be more attention to complex social relationships and they will get out of those who are flying inside of the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the protection, one of my colleagues I knew I was interested in the figures -- I was going to think about it, as I was now made a strange plane?
"I say what it has about feeling the formation.
And I thought, "It's the biggest question I've heard about.
It has to be able to be able to go to the groups of gender and so there is nothing feeling in the mathematics."
But the more I've thought about his question, more has been there that there is something fundamental in the mathematics.
I mean, there might be something in average -- something different between the female brain and the mission that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most valuable and the most valuable things.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people per part of the state -- is possible that there will be more motivated to this concept -- maybe we would have discovered the concept of practice with the support support with the support support with it.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the analogy, and think less in the individual body in terms of identity -- and think more in the relationships and to think more in the relationships in the relationships.
So as we tried to create a more perfect source, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think of where you want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are eating to go to new researchers.
Well, at this moment we are far from that object.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that it will be much more than their cost cost cost as well.
So we could easily put it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be supposed to be able to be thought about new cities.
But you just get back to the buildings of approaches.
Imagine that half of those people who wanted to live in the paradigm and they were protected and that the other half is still going to be able to do it.
They could try to increase the ability by doing advice in all of the existing buildings in all of the exist.
But you know that the problem they face is that those buildings and the areas that they are going to do is that they have no rules to avoid the anger and the distribution of the construction of it.
So it would be very hard to do all of those advances.
But they could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building building -- always and when the rules of that place.
So I think that governments are going to create new areas of huge challenges in order to get cities and gave them a name, cities.
And later I found out that more or less at the same time at all.
They knew that every year about 75 dollars would come out of their country to go to the United States to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people were able to stay and make those same things in Hos hospitals.
In the summer of the 2008, Hollywood went through a controlled confidence of developing crisis.
In the next couple of regional choices in the next couple of records in which it was improved with a platform in which it comes back and at the same time.
And I asked him to be the corner of gate.
And as long as I was ready to give a talk in TED.
through a deep process of perspective, I think and a huge amount of evidence with us, trying to reduce this concept of cities of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of nuclear, like those rules who say you can't go and apply all of the activity of antibodies.
We have a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies as we need to protect -- and they are usually the rules that are going to get us up.
In the middle of the 2000s, a friend of Guardian sent him to Chinese with TED.
I showed him to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, "We would say this to the leaders of our country.
So in fact, we went back in Mars, in a room.
I tried to tell you this point about how valuable the cities, much more valuable than their cost cost is.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York Times -- they take them together that, in some cases, you will go thousands of dollars per square square feet per square square meters per day.
But it was a pretty cool discussion, and at some time, when there was a pattern, Organization said, "Paradox, maybe we could see the video of the TED talk -- TED.
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a city under space is a place where it starts with sea terrorists, a structure that species the rules that are going to get up there and an opportunity for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those nuclear.
So the president of humans called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this might be the way to be the way that our common country.
I asked me to go to Tunisia and talk about the four and five of it.
So I lost another talk full of data, which is an image like this, that I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Sports and the white line is the new attack that was built in September.
It's only the army of a 100 miles of cards.
And so I was trying to convince the hospitals that to build a new city -- you have to start with a place that killed at least one thousand miles away.
That's more than 100 dollars.
All the world.
The audience of the public were very serious and attacks.
The leadership of the trust came back to the platform and said, "The Rome Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I'm here in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this explain is the essential -- that a new city can make new choices for people.
There would be an choice of a city that you might be in Host-hands, instead of hundreds of thousands of miles to the North America.
And it also includes new choices for leaders for leaders too.
Because the leaders of the U.S. government need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay and make the norms of the status, so that everyone could trust that the structure is going to be supposed to
We went and we saw a system.
This picture is there.
It could take a thousand miles away.
And a little bit later -- 19 percent of it, they came in the control to get up with their construction and add a conventional device that allows to create these special regions of development of development of developing development.
In a country that I was just going to go through this personal crisis -- the fly in the control of this building consumer was about 180 to one.
All of the particles, all of the factors in society -- they were restricting.
In order to be in the Congress, you have to spend two times in Congress.
The 18 percent of them went up again in another value, from 1980s.
And I immediately went out of the value, from 24 to 24 percent of the desks, a 30-year-old device was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Corcutication of the Sun.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in North Carolina, is bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years after it was about four years to get the performances.
The other country interested in the building building is San.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they are ready for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a situation, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are predicting a legal system that would allow the advice to come in, and at the time it will allow us to be a strange system of the outside system.
A country has already been allowed to allow her to allow her to.
There are organisms and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get something from it.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of stores.
There are a lot of companies that they wanted to be inspired in the United States, especially in a place with a completely complicated box, and there are a lot of people who would like to be living there.
In the world there are 300 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There is a million to the year that comes from South America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a work, sometimes they are sure they have to win the money for just to eat or buy classroom.
Now, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to stay with their parents who haven't seen -- in some cases, in a decade ago.
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hostgers?
Or to build a decision of these, or a content of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about is that the families can choose between several cities that are eating to bring new researchers?
So this is an idea that is going to get it out.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, thank you TED.
I'm Jersenday, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public conflict, and it is that I live obsessed with the tribes.
I love to find it, you know, and the more recently, to photograph and put in my own brain transportation, collective and different.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my classroom is a second hand of markets and stores of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand is allowed to reduce the impact of my husband in the environment, and in my biology.
I get to know interesting people -- by the way my money goes to a good cause -- my point is unique -- and I'll buy it into my own personal search of teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
I'm going to be my story?
I'd like the color?
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all the answers are positive -- then I feel that I have won it.
I go back to the issue of my value -- I want to tell you what it was made for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you have all that cartoon?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I think.
So I've brought seven parts of the interest and nothing else.
And I was interested in a week is all I've put in my value.
I think I would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after I got here to Paul Septembers.
And because I don't know how the woman who walk through TED in the bottom --  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the together for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
And as I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that are going to take it or not, I have learned in this advance of not using new computer.
Let's start with the domain.
This is what I call it block.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can always see you for less than 50 dollars.
All the contact, including the chart, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lights -- the color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad humanity, when you're looking at a red red painting.
If you're happy -- you're going to bring other happy people.
Mars is supported.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you go out of the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also get it.
Michael, Germany from the child who takes you inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play to the distributions, or I remember his little six years.
I like to put them up and tell you, "Thank you.
You stop, the trust is the key thing.
If you think you do good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look well with something -- probably it's true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 years that I really understood his meaning here.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interest and outside -- there is no looking at you that you can't go on.
So there's no except for one of this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Voices, a real universe six words for you, the dragonflies are going with everything.
And finally, I was going to develop a personal statement and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going up this week just for what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
And obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I got home, to Brazil, I'm going to take everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to apply exactly to these things, because at the way it comes back to the corner -- there will always be a little bit of it, and it would always be another crazy crazy, collective and black spectrum, if there's a little love in my heart and looking at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a represent of your brain that we can be able to draw in two parts.
On the left side, which is the black part of the right side and the right side is the international part of the day.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of every day, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely local.
This would be someone who is completely institutions.
So where would you open your brain in this scale.
Some of them are going to get for one of these strange -- but I think for most of the interactions of this audience -- your brain is something like -- with a big approach in both stories at the same time.
It's not that they are extraordinary enough.
You can be local and instrument.
I think about one of those people, which just like most of the other things that most of the other experiences -- we need a lot of freedom to control these ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of information to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this instrument? Well, we like to play with things.
We put us to play with them and then we see how you do it, and then we develop our influence from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
I mean, you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this news, they develop it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a state of station.
It was a small child and I didn't do it very well, it always goes out.
But I know that the play with that piece of space taught you a long lesson -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to move in, and they stay in a place.
This is a great concept that you can have in the world, except that you are a physical physics physics as well.
It would be a terrible model for a physics physics -- because they don't play with statistics of statistics, they play with these very small particles.
And when you play with their particles -- you find out that they do all kinds of things that are really strong -- as they can go through walls or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these visions, and they called it the theory of the quantum medicine.
And at that point I found the physics a few years ago, you need to be able to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those little particles to describe those
But you don't need to describe the big objects that are given us every day.
That was not very good at my infrastructure -- and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles with it.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a problem.
But it was not going down to my crazy part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of the quantum mechanics -- then it should not keep the beginning of the common mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object is also still the beginning of the quantum medicine.
This is why a few years ago, I'm going to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it has been in a kind of quantum mechanical medication.
So what we see here is a little computer chart.
And you can try to see the green point right in the environment.
That is the metal memory that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to put it up a little bit of a little bit of it in the center of the center here.
And then here we do a very good thing to the little metal transportation.
So what we see is a little piece of metal -- with the form of transportation and that support support in a planet.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new sound of a new, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this profession with the form of nature that you find under the device of the device.
So this device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how much it is to be in a charge full of people.
I mean, when I am in a control -- I do all kinds of rational things, but then when other people are going to be able to do those things, because I don't want them to be able to do it, or actually start.
The quantum mechanical says that the amazing objects are important in the same way.
The journey of the objective objects are not just people -- it's also the light that starts and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this memory to be made by the quantum memory -- we would have to explore all of the other passions.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights together, then we put an approach and we put out all the air -- and then we apply it to a temperature of less than a degrees on the top of the center.
Now, when it's just in the charge, the little piece of metal is free to act as a want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly on, I was looking at it, and the way that I was looking at it was like a result of this way -- as a short thing that goes out and controlling it.
And when you give it a supply supply, we were able to make it fly and that I didn't travel at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean is that one kind of free thing and not book at the same time.
Let's think about the terms.
In one case, all of the issues that they create that piece of metal are willing and at the same time those same issues are moving up to me and for down.
It is just in the state of the time when those are started.
In the rest of the time they're starting.
It means that every day is in two different places at the same time, which is at the same time that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Actually, really true.
I was going to get it into a clean room to do this for all of those years -- because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single time, and that piece of metal is more or less the same that the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places -- why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my crazy part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would it be that?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was starting in the space, in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we reach it, and we put the lights and look inside the box -- we see that the goal was sitting there in a single piece of it.
And I was able to get to this new infrastructure -- especially all the objects in the food are actually only these chemical objects that are just done in a little space.
You have to talk a lot about a lot about how much of it is going to be invented.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more deep than that.
It is that those connections -- your connections to all of the things that you know, literally define who you are, and that is the deep rate of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Australia.
And I did 18 months ago, I did another work in Google until I launched the idea of doing something relationship with museum and art.
It took me 18 months and me.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it, with 12 very interesting uses of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the ground.
There's a lot of stories where we did.
I think my own story is just explain in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
It turns out of a great education -- I don't get it, but I didn't have access to many of these men and arms of art.
So when I began to travel and go to muscles, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access through technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
So better that I show you to tell you a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from their landscape.
So simply let's go to Germany.
Look around all the uses that there are.
It's the Harvard Galaxy, the Monterey, the Electricity, the Rome, the Galaxy Valley.
In fact I'm going to go into one of my favorite faces, the Monteren of art in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We make climate and painting -- we're already inside of the world.
It doesn't matter where they are, Barbare or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move on there and they get out.
Do you want to take the museum?
We open up the planet on the top of it, and with a single clinic, we go into the inside of it.
They are within the end of the passion.
They are going to go down. They get down.
Exploration.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite pieces, "The "Chickens of Project Brown in the Monteren.
I see the sense of it.
If the museum shows us the image -- we get it up there.
Look at this is one of the images.
This is all the distribution of metals.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- they can make it clear there, but I'm going to make it clear right now.
And this is one of the images that we've changed in what we call the global technology.
So this image -- for example, it has -- I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, and what do you get with 10,000 million people of picks?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million dollars.
It can make a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this guy -- his expression doesn't have a problem.
But if you really would want to be despite.
So I started playing -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "My moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Monteren, and actually I discovered that this is a game called "The standard -- which is to put a guy with a painting with a story of Carolina.
And when it was very popular for it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to stay even more in deep and see that you really can get to the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to go to the image -- so you can actually see what you have.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come in, a second one.
So now we're really quickly going to get back to the Mount in New York.
Here another one of my favorite factors, "The night story.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the piles?
And if you want to see how Gandhi actually created this work that would make this supply work?
And so it turns out it and really it does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this car, and I'm really going to get to the grandmothers.
This is "The night start, I think I had never seen it.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things like this, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part of this is called "Computers?
All of you, absolutely all, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a monkey, that gives the same.
You can be able to create their own museum to create their own colleagues from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, I have created this function that I call "The power of the Banglader, -- we just had a boxe around it.
This is about "The "Children in the National National Gallery.
You can see things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel like they feel like the contract of these stores.
So I think to me, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't really come from Google there.
No, in my view, they even don't come from musicians.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my humanity with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media will make a light of art and that is really represented in line.
And the big question that they do today is you did this to represent the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is not.
It's to make the experience.
And that's everything. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a value paint.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an indication of Angeles -- all the kids in India grow up with this picture in the wall of his disease, but the reason I show you this is that it has something very interesting in the faces of Facebook one in the last two decades, in the last two decades, in the last two decades, in the last two decades,
A little bit of time, if you wanted to win a face of France one, I took a budget and I put it to a good pile, and a good car, a good car, and a good car, a good car, and a good car, a good car, and a good car, and a good car, a good car, and a good car, a good car, and a good car
And if the car and the oil was the good enough -- you get the career.
This is what it is to be called the control system in real time.
It is a system that has two computers, a sense and a comment.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, they have been covered of networks and electricity now.
They're becoming computers to the air.
And as that, they're starting to respond to a different way and they can be detect and accessible.
The cities is a big thing.
As a notion I wanted to think that cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet but they represent 50 percent of the global population population.
At 75 percent of the power of energy -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions at the U.S.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these challenges and activity are going into our everyday objects in our everyday objects.
This is a protection of Paul Alas for the end of year in the Monteren, during the summer of it.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Top.
Well, our objects -- the environment, they start talking about.
In a way, it is as if almost all of us are going to be sensitive and attacks.
And that's actually changing the interest that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Blue.
You know, when I looked at Bill Bush school, he says that at the end I took the short and he would get it back to the Monteres -- you still can see a little metal down, and he said "I didn't talk about, "What don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- including in the idea of taking the environment and to act something.
Let's start with the design.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a vision in the course of 2008.
It was the year in which I won the world of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they put it up and French and France, and at the end of Zimban gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of it in the end of the Internet.
Now let's see what happened that day is looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Earth Tree.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is on the top of the time.
On the early end there are people over here and there doing called called called movies.
It starts the particular?
Google from France -- Golden from India.
And it comes in, people do a quick call and goes to the child.
Second time. The end of the real time.
First of all, a second time.
Zandar, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Israel, right?
That night they were all going to put it into the center of the city.
There you see the big piece.
At the next day they were all the center in the middle of the team and the first mine of the then.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called Congress Mars where it is from the time, the people are going to collect -- it's a big photograph, you can see the piece at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of design, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we do.
Today, we know everything about our objects.
So this is a map that shows all the kids who make a Mars, how they get out.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small standards to address the based on their space by the system.
We started with a few of us who helped us in September a little bit more than a year ago, and you would take out of what they were reduction, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would be going to be able to be transformed.
And then we put them a little chip, a street, and then we began to fix it.
These are the results.
And I went out of September Project.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of differences in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They're going on. They're going on.
But the other thing we think is that if we see all the days that the thing that we are going to do is that it is still somewhere in the planet, it's still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic of plastic that we took out of a day it still goes there.
So if we show that to people, then we will be able to make some change of confidence.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, Alas Bill, could tell you much more about design and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, who came and told us that Stanford and the South Europe have a beautiful treatment of the use of the water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can technology look like -- the new technology will go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a shore, it was, imagine that they have a car and violence, search self-states, lines that are open up and they carry.
It's created as a water of water, with water.
If you get the poets to be written in them, you will show patterns -- images -- texts.
And when you go in, the cure will open up so that we can happen in the image.
We asked this to the Benjamin Bang.
He liked a lot of it.
And you have a company to design the building to the entrepreneur of the Expensive.
We call it Paul David Paul.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or sense, but when you go up with you so that you can happen to happen.
The ground is also covered of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to measure the screening -- it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture in this case.
Those days would always be somebody in the winter -- when you go down the box, someone who was there and he said, "They did the building the building.
No, it's not that they have dealing with it, but when it goes down almost all the architecture of it.
So here is in work.
You see the people who are going on.
And here I am myself trying to be able to try and try to try and try the water.
I think I should tell you what one night when all the signs left to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Barazie came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to be able to go out, but a building that kept making short and holes of water and one had to go out for not to go down.
(So of people -- and for us that was very interesting because as an architecture.
But then the reality.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with physical personality, the plants of water.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pieces were able to begin to fly in.
Imagine that they could have little health heads in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes of color as if it was a tumor that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a hold, like the ones that we saw before you move with other ones in situation.
We could form this neighborhood.
So a kind of white screen like this.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions in which it changes is the light -- not the position of them.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is in different scale.
And then all of that could be a piece of pieces in 3D to which you can go up, and go back and see from very different neuroscience.
This is the real contrary College, going down down to form a sea, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have every skin with a computer that comes from people, from the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Book -- one of the best white balls of today, the stars of the New York City and the Silicon Silicon -- to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a content for the Florida.
So here we can see Rome back.
On the left of the left you see the parallels, the capital in different solutions in different results.
It is so much 3D distribution in real time as a movement.
It can take all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the presentations we can play with them, with the color and movement.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics Offices of London in London,
It's called the North.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could send people to do something and change our environment.
Imagine that we could get everyone to give you a little bit of a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years, is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world in the digital world.
We have discovered everything like knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the atmosphere of Obama showed us, we can go out of the digital world, from the power of the networks -- the physical world.
In our case, this may be used to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CO2 emissions -- how will happen from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
The tumor is a nuclear again, again, made out of pieces of the same way that the real tumor is a control of parts.
And those particles are water, while in our tumor are present.
This is a physical structure in London, but it was controlled by picks.
You can move in the inside -- having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the Alexander Blue and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical neighborhood of the sky as something that you can go up, as a new car of London, as a new car of London in London, as a new car of London, as a new car of London, as a new car of London, as a new car of London, as a new car of London, as a new car of London, as a new
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital family in the night, but the most important thing is that it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
I guess I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more accurate and more quickly.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, will be more strong to have more research.
Would you like to be more anti-start and seconds of themselves.
What about living more with good health.
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creative to be.
What are you going to do it?
What would you like to choose something like this?
(Audience American. Creative?
How many people are going to choose the creative creation?
You get your hand. Let me see.
For me. You probably had the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will be able to choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the line, the line?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor for me.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
It's just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible.
The evolution has been a person here in the TED Control, but I want to give you the view of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED.
But if you choose the biological evolution to think about this, it's just about the past, or the future.
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this radiation -- well in a extraordinary, is, of course, the most interesting thing.
We go out of a common ancestor with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interaction there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humanity.
Some of them have gone back and back.
We have been here about 12,000 years.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of this tree of life, but actually in its most basic map of our cells is more or less the same thing.
You realize that we can apply and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the protect of human units that are used to treat designers?
This is not like the human institution, but it's the same protein, even though it comes from the position.
And I'm talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think of -- when Antarctica David is put out of the army -- think about bacteria."
The interview is a wonderful hope for those bacteria for those bacteria for them.
It is clear, dark dark, is very accelerated.
And we are going to provide all the news that you can want to want to want not to want to want to want for their parts.
It's really like a quick thing for the bacteria with the science of some of the fundamental supply to the room.
But in fact, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to decide social nuclear, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future.
We are in a kind of evolution as a species?
Or destroying to become something different -- something maybe better than the environment?
In this very simple signal of the universe, life on Earth is like a brain company, the animal restaurant, as a single and only companies, and the human life, a small notion of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so I hope they have been enjoy it.
When I went back to the college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electron and the beauty of biology.
I was looking at the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life -- in the solar organisms -- every cell of that cell is just designed and all the genetic energy of that cell is taken up to two cells.
But when the molecular organisms are starting to change.
It comes into the sexual report.
And something very important -- with the slide of sexual representation that happens the genome -- the rest of the body is presented.
In fact, you could say that the idea of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual order.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, seriously, serious, death for sex -- it seemed pretty quickly at that time, but with every year I was going on, every time I was going on.
I got to understand the feeling of George Boston, which still went up in the places well in your 90 years old.
And one night someone goes to his home door to his home.
He opened the door down.
And in front of him you find a lot of classic linear of class.
I look at it and he says, "I'm going to look for a sex subject."
Is it good -- he says George -- "I stop the supply.
I realized -- as a doctor who was working by a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily differently.
I was trying to lose the body.
And I wanted us to take us out.
I wanted to remember health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the generation of the generation and keep a generation of generation after generation.
From a point of evolutionary view and I are kind of as a lot of designers designed to send the genetic card to the next level, and then let me go back to the sea.
And I think we all understand the feeling that Exploration Alas came out when he said, "I don't want to get the improvisation through my work.
I want to make it not dead."
The evolution is not necessarily familiar to line.
It doesn't necessarily go to the bigger or the faster or the faster and the faster and even the most intelligent thing.
The favorite evolution is the best crisis to their environment.
That's the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the bacteria that they can survive to the heat of the family that they would produce -- if there were fish out there, I fish a little bit of the voice, yet you've been able to do that an anti-scale environment.
So what does this, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look at the next one, I would say there are a lot of possibilities -- I would say there are lots of possible.
The first one is we don't evolved it.
We've got a kind of speech.
And the amazing reason would be that through the medicine in the first place, we have heard a lot about a lot of genes that in another way that they would have been destroying and full of the population.
And in second of all, as a species -- we have set up our environment so that they are available to us like us like us to take it to it.
And by the way, we're going to take us up, and we have so much that it is no longer possible to have the subject need to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you have an evolution of the traditional type of the traditional type of nature.
And the architecture here would be that the evolution of evolution are going back and they are incredible.
And in the mountain, when we sort of put a species into a species we are going to be there and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility -- a third possibility -- international and attacked and attacks.
We call it technology -- new evolution -- which is not simply natural -- but it goes up and cleaners for us as individuals as the decisions that we will take about.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we will think about the reality that many people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their destruction.
In some culture, they are engaging to have more variations than women.
It's not really good for society but it is what they choose in individual and family.
You think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destruction, but in their own body to make the genetic arms to close or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to get the discovery or the Albary or reduce the risk of cancer or choose the accessible?
They don't want to do those changes in their genes in their genes in their genes
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The human general project started in 1997, and he was 13 years old.
It cost 2,000 million dollars.
At the next year I would have ended up in 2007, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion dollars of the human genome to a cost to the 19th and a week.
It will not make a lot to make it really the human genome for 3,000 and more and more and more to the middle of all.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced human unusual in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect them from them, but they are going to be able to be designed against other viruses against other.
Criminal or there is no experiment in the course with the value against the creative invention of a ball of the banker.
Can you imagine something good than the bank?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then only two little changes change.
You can change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their destruction?
And if you could change the hope.
Who don't you want to do more hands?
And then that same animal technology -- that same model of science that can produce changes to prevent disease to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Why don't you have the engineering of a John Kenya on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the World, Washington."
Why would I not have a faster content that allows us to run faster and most different?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be incredible.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can put the attacks that we wanted to become the evolution of before in technology.
So we're going to take a process that could normally take 100 years and we can share it to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years.
These are choices that their girls, or the grandmothers of their grandmothers, they're going to have to have them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society of a better society -- more exception, more considered?
Or, we're going to choose completely different things that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that will be bigger and more supply or more red and more vision?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to get to it.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and make the wisdom need to take these decisions to take these decisions.
So for a bad or a bad thing, and before what I could think, these choices are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big experiment when you are 300 percent of you.
Imagine a puzzle full of humanity.
Imagine a model by doing classroom, claim, classical climb.
And he came up, claim, classroom, class.
Well, I had a single thing that day -- I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only thing that I could talk to you with the advanced attacks.
So I looked at them, and they said, "You know, there's no problem.
The oil had already seen the car, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pile is the advantage with the Hubble Rio.
And usually that's not the right.
It suggests the models.
Imagine going to be in an airplane and no roofs.
And then he said three words ...
The three words.
He said, "Project for impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the advance of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrifying. The life came out.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a time.
We have this list of things to do before you die -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to reach and I didn't do it, all the resources that I wanted to have and I never had had I had had I had never had and I had never had.
And as I thought about that, I was going to have a favorite, which is "Commander, which is "Commander, bad videos.
Because if the view is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that organization, that's really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we went up with the George Web, who was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I really feel a great thing.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And I read the time that I studied in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a half of that, I decided to get the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a dog with my wife with my wife,
It feels low-forward.
I don't try to have reason -- Elizabeth will be happy.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental religion is going to be saying, "Can you be 14, 14."
You see the water.
I am saying, please.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those disconnected.
And as we went on, I had the feeling of it, and I was going to die not fear at all.
It's almost as we have been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very strange.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that show was made in a single thought, which is just a thing.
I was able to see my kids grow up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degrees -- not a lot of another article --                                                And
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I understood -- when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a microscope, to not die that day.
And I became another galaxy, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
And you are flying on today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please it doesn't be so -- but imagine and how would you change.
What are you going to do, that they still hope to do because they think they are going to live for all of them that are going to live for it?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing are being the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I clearly have been taken in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
It was one of the most important drugs of the 1980s.
One day came to his house after he went back and said, "Do I feel a horizon in the bottles?
And that was the beginning of Dr.
So today it has a total paradigm.
It can only use your eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animals and so on.
And so we decided that we were going to be able to afford Tonymone, TED, and to their cause of it.
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him.
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Time again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him.
And I said, "You know, it's not that I -- I see Stanford Harry, is not that all people who are going to communicate through those disasters?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good second you can't actually do it.
These devices are not available for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then.
Does anyone look at the film and the marketplace?
They communicate out of that way -- they are moving with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I was asked with the only desire of getting a chart and instead of that I was looking at a chart that didn't have the best idea of how he was going to be.
I made his brother with his brother and his father there in that price right now, and so this is the translator, Titanian is going to talk about, and we're going to build a machine and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it is true that somebody who has so much in their interest can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Google "The Grandmother Rome, who have a technology that allows them to provide a light in any surface and then with a point to you, they draw on that and they were going into the negative space.
So they're going to go out of art instruments like this.
All of the things that come out, they say, are part of a life of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs -- then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Buddha and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a life of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey of it.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side to another one we had made a couple of things.
One one, we took the door of the security companies and we got a machine so that it could communicate -- a machine as the Harvard Harry.
Which was great.
And it is the most fun -- I call it YouTube because when I talk to the guy you get an electronic charge of him, and you say, "I don't feel it.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs around the world literally from all the villages of the planet.
My wife and I, kids and I, we moved back to the back of the back and these habits and proteins and controls and controls were taking the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely strange and that when we were going back to have taken the faces of the walls and in their place there would be transparent.
But for two weeks later, we went to the Mars passion of Venter, my son was part -- my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Australian States and you can see the description.
They are a couple of dollars of sun that we buy in the early page of Venter Benjamin, some of the company of Christian and things from Hollywood Detroit and Robert Street.
We took a Chinese camera -- we open it on a light light and now there is a device that is free.
And we created a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There is no sure of sure that says, "No."
There is no hospital that can say not.
Any person with paradigms today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all this beauty and arms during the great instrument.
And after more than a year of plastic -- two weeks of programmer, sensors from the whole night, Titan came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the top of their life.
We took the way so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you will imagine what it was the feeling in the state.
The funny thing was that we had to grow in the state so we feel like we were looking at the drug as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electronic charge, and this was what he told us, "This was the first time I said in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and get me out of there so that I could respond?
It's not wonderful.
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what makes us move in movement.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Mile Michael.
Somebody with this artificial potential does a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robotic.
Since then we've had all kinds of research.
We've got a lot of pressures.
remember, it's graduated. No one of us is making money with this.
All of our own balls.
The principles were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And it took a little bit of something about us, and then at the time, the Titanic Research became like one of the 50 percent of the 2000s, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the crisis, is that in open of this year in the University of the Monterey in the center of the Bill in the center in the center is going to be a expression called "The Stanfords.
And "Star in the States, it's going to have the best examples of the urban art art, Stanford Facebook, China, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the subject which is quite incredible.
So basically this is my idea -- if you see something that is not possible -- it makes possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the space, the computer, the mathematics, the school, nothing was possible at some time.
It makes it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not protecting -- I never did anything with the technology technology -- I just received something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, what?
Thank you very much.
I've spent the last few years to get up in very hard situation and at the same time.
I went to the crisis.
I worked in a minute of charge -- dangerous.
It figured out in a war of war and dangerous and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a great part of my career I've been used in the situation in the short stations with the only goal of trying to try and take social questions in ways that they are interacting, interesting, and they will take them up in a way that you can look forward and access for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TED on the world, and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard that, or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in Earth.
I sent some messages in Facebook -- some in Twitter -- I came up with the rights of the name of my TED.
And what was the next thing that was the next thing -- "The American State presentation, my TED than you have no idea what it comes to and after control could explain in the face -- especially if I put it in the face of you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
Thank you.
It's a teacher in a progress by the way.
So I still knew that someone knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name of it.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to be able to tell you.
But in the new phenomenon that I'm working on, we look at the world of market, from the police.
And as I said, I have been in the horrible situation in the last few years, but nothing could be pretending, nothing could get it, for something as hard or as dangerous as to go into the room with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these guys with these
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
March Sude, I want to make a film that comes from the progress of products -- the market and the police, and the whole film is financial with products and market and politics.
The film is going to call the largest film of the biggest finger.
And what happens in "The largest film ever seen -- is that all of the way down at the bottom of the end, you have images of market, all the time.
Now this market, Park Stanford, the Congo Contradiction.
These people are going to be able to be able to be performing to the period of the period -- for the time.
And this is the filter of the whole idea of this idea. (Millennian Katrina." Is it a really really reduced.
I am a really really red person. (Audience: I just say it -- it was more for factors.
It was "The performance.
But we're not only going to have the pain of the X-ray in the term, but we're going to make sure that we are going to make all the cards that we can in the film.
Maybe we see a shop and it becomes the most cool shop you have used ...
The most cool car you have come up in "The largest film ever seen -- the best I have a beautiful trial that you have been beautiful, corresponds from "The largest film ever seen.
I know German Kingthan? The idea is then going to show you a part of life as part of life, to make them feel the fish. (Man, and we actually show the film of how it works.
The goal of the full film is the traditional transport.
You're going to see all of the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea -- all the fish, in the end of the end.
And I would love to be able to make it happen.
Robert Finger, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that -- is the best answer for the audience.
And yet, I don't know how fast it is going to be people to that.
WK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you can be very negative, but you know how it's going to stop? (Millennia, no idea. David Chamman, how much money does it do?
MT: A million and a half and a half and a half million dollars -- I think it's going to be hard to be hard with them, but it certainly is going to be able to convince a couple of big markets.
WK: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at the film as a lot of advertising ideas.
MT: What do you think it's going to be the answer to be the answer going to be the answer.
Steve Richard? Most of the answers will be not.
MT: But it will be hard to sell it, by the fish or to be me?
JS: both things.
MT:   It means you're not very optimistic.
So I'm going to help me. I need help.
MK: I can help you.
MT: All right. (Man: All right.
MK: We need to think about what markets.
MT: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Man: Okay.
MT: I thought I was starting the camera, we had a conversation out of microscope.
It suggests the camera means we don't want to know anything about your movie."
MT: And so it was, one for one, all of these research company companies disappeared.
No one wanted to have nothing to do with this movie.
I was surprised by me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very amazing -- I thought that the concept of politics, it was to introduce the product to so many people as possible as possible.
And especially in the world today that this interest of new media and old media and old media and secret media is not the idea to tell that new value of attention that is going to take the message to markets?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a short short and that dog was this.
In fact, it didn't really have such a surgeon.
There was no army at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for images of transportation in Google --                                                  This is one of the first images that they
I like your way to go up, September Brother. No.
So this was the problem -- the transparency -- the transportation of situation or the entire statement, and it is easy to send up or see -- it is really constructed by vision or access of information or information of information -- about all in the business practical problem.
You see, we have a lot of the traditional in these days.
Our politicians the name, the president of the name -- even the Chinese names.
But suddenly when it is about making it actually something that is going to do something like this.
But why do you treat --       -- like that robotic thing that still still goes back.
It's --                                                                   like this
And it's also very reducing.
What else is accessible?
It will be able to get an entire top of Charles Window.
That is very reducing.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you tell our story.
You see, when I was a child, and my father was going to get me in some member -- and there is him looking at how I used to do it, he said, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this fish we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, a attention wants to help it, and that only because I met John Book and Richard King of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own.
So what I started to get out of responsibility -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to turn with the companies the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big people, huge galaxies and others who make small movies -- individuals, like the thing.
And my friends who make microbes of huge Hollywood, grandmothers, they say the reason why their film has so much successful is because they have.
And then my friends who make individuals say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, grandmother movies of Hollywood, Hollywood films.
And the film is called "The largest film ever seen.
How are we going to see especially in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my battle, you see the Barty Barty.
At any time during an interview with somebody can say are you good for this interview?
Are you ready -- you see a little bit.
I want to help you take you.
Maybe you have to put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there it would take one of these favorite arms.
So much "American Freedom, like "The Parkinson's "Life, they're going to have their opportunity.
So we're going to have so much for man as a woman to woman.
That is the general time.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a little bit of it.
Kara France, we are a small market.
similar to the kind of smaller movies that you know, we are more good at a rich market.
And so we don't have the budget that they have other markets.
So do things like this, you know, to remind people to people is the reason why this interesting us.
MT: What were words used to describe Bang?
Bonoon is in white here.
DP: That's a big question.
woman.
MT: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the airplane.
Man: We talk about something ability, free.
I think "It is a great word that actually put this piece in possible to be able to be able to see the classroom and the surface."
You keep you.
So how do we keep a little bit more time, with better factory, three times more free.
So things like those who are responding to the benefits of it.
MT: And that's a multiple company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man on the street -- people like me, to the people who are common.
They have to talk about my market.
MT: How do you define your market?
Man: Millennium my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
woman.
MT: Okay, what's the Greek German?
Google?
I like a lot of dark colors -- so many degrees and things like this.
And so I do have access as a subject of the sun or I like the crisis and simples.
Woman: If David was a market could be a college condition, Mars Bertie.
man.
Woman two. In part of home, in part of you, in part of Berkeley, I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of machines.
And I look at particles in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little secret -- that's my market.
Man: My market is Fibro because I put the market.
man.
Is that that?
Apple -- I'm a labor that I am a labor.
Twitter, I'm Twitter.
MT: Well, not all of us can be Mars Time, but I often got in the bottom of dark "Computer and classic card.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody that I could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what the "Computer personality.
And I found a company called College Zalawa in Pizza.
They were helping companies like New Professor, Finance to find out that performance of market.
If you could do it for them, they could just do it for me.
All the pictures, right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
Number one little bit of how you relationship with your thinking.
MT: These people move my way to see the world.
(Audience: How much of that world.
MT: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people who reduce you, your family, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things are original and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family.
So what's the next one you want to talk about?
MT: The next is this was the best day of my life.
So how do you relationship this with your thoughts -- feeling and your way to be?
MT: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the robotic things. I like the radio things.
A: How many of you -- why do you get that?
What is the magic." What does it look like is it?
Why is it important to restore? What does the risk?
So I got a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
How other metals have you been having."
You don't have to have a fear -- what kind of mountain are you?
MT: Audience: (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patients. (Man: Great work -- --  -- yeah. Thank you very well. All right.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Liberian King -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complex, in your market personality, the Mars Mars is a conventional market.
They are very good together.
And I think there is almost a pay in them.
And I think some companies are just going to focus on one of their strong dots or on the other instead of focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they choose the fear -- those elements and you actually give you a little bit and make them become a positive thing for you, and it is a nice thing to see that.
What other markets are like this?
The first here is climate -- Alexander.
And you can see also here to San, Web, Mike Minister and John.
Now there are a little bit of the little banks and you know, those things that have gone and come up and come up with a local market is something pretty powerful thing.
MIT, a death market. What's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your impression of market, your manufacturing personality, what would it be?
Are you an anti-scale attack? Are you somebody who makes the standard standard."
Or you are more good at the designer.
A little bit more calculating, resistant content."
They are accessible antibiotics are like to be free to be ready to be free like the Project, consumer, advanced, or assistant like English Paul, fast or grandmother, profession, market or music like Galapago.
Or you are more about antibiotics, depressing?
Are you aware about the sense?
You are specifically, transparent, protection, protection? Do you think about Congo?
You are confident, strange, family.
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and angers, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have nothing to do with this movie -- they were probably because they wouldn't have control about the final product.
It allowed us to tell the story of the National history, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now use the massive restaurant to identify the center of the desire in the brain as much as a content to control.
So we went to San Palestine where they have been protected by the air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no values, there are no computers, no values, nothing.
And we went to school designers in which companies are doing walking in the schools with linear problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more successful are those where I've been interested with different things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went to the interactions, they went to their accessible, and they said maybe these accidents don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat it directly with art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about the way we look at the way we look at the world.
And how do you do it? They had successful?
Well, since the film is in the Stanford Stanford, let's take a look at it.
The film of the film is being on the end, and since then -- and this is not all -- we have had 300 million dollars in the media for this fish.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half a half of the time.
That's just on the line -- and you don't think, or TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not on the line. It's not in station.
It's not even been present in other countries.
In the last one, this film has already started to win money.
And it's not bad.
I've always believed that if you take risk -- if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you get to the people of that are going to get them into the family.
I think that when you train their electrons in the risk of the risk is being prepared to all of their company to come out of researchers.
I feel that what it has to happen to move is that we have to send people to save people.
We need to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that you can take them out.
In the last instance, I think we have to make it place to the fear.
We have to put that thing in a camp.
We're going to do the fear -- we take the risk out.
In a company at the time, we have to open the risk on the risk of the time.
And, in the way, we have to go back to transformation.
Now more than a little bit of humanity is going to take a long way.
And I said this with hospitals and transformation, all of my talk we would say the Translator, has been present by my good friends of HIV who by 1950, who would buy the rights of the name in Earth.
AB: I became big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
We present "We "pretty much "present the Translation.
Thank you very much.
Justin Charles? So Monati, in the name of transformation, that happened exactly with those 1970s.
MT: It's an amazing question.
And in my mom I have a chart at the name of the TED organization of TED. The Stanford Stanford, a college for 140 to be applied to me for the TED year.
The idea behind the American information is actually very simple.
We don't want me to get the nuclear bomb.
And their biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of the U.S. in the United States.
The black box you see are a real control systems in real time.
If we have to buy these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
They don't use software of Williams, they are a completely different technology.
But if we have to put an effective vision of Williams in a particular corporate content using an engineering to get this black box -- then we're ready to us.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a William installation.
The ocean goes back to the grandmother box -- given the control, and the nuclear program.
It's easy -- right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Santa about six months ago, the purpose was completely discovered.
The only thing that you know is that it's very, very complex in the Williams in the Williams, the installation used to be managed to go through it.
It seemed to do something with these grandmother box systems.
That was called the attention -- and we started an experiment where we invented our environment, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Stephen was made up as a lab of lab that I didn't like to look at it, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different shoes of that, I realized -- and I thought, this is a depth attack.
It's completely destructive.
The institution is looking at the car box if you find a specific conflict, and even if the program that's trying to figure out is exactly working on that place.
If it doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a plant of power in the United States, or a chemical plant in Afghanistan.
better.
So we looked at and we developed the cardiac code and we found out that I was structure in two digital bones, a small and a big one.
And we also saw that they were very professional by people who obviously had all the international information.
You know all the points for the ones that I'm going to do.
You probably even know how much of the opposite.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the State institution is complex and high technology -- let me tell you, carbon is very complex it.
It's very about everything we've seen before.
Here you see a show of this cardiac code here.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much to the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code of this.
What we were looking at in the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at terrorism and structures of data and we tried to relate to the real world with the real world of the real world.
We need theory about disconnections that we can support or depend.
In order to get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a virtual skin, it has to be a valuable white -- and it's just supporting in Iraq.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear energy plan and at the plant of National American plant.
So I said to my attack, "I say a list of all of the experts in control and plants of energy between our clinics.
I called them and I became an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to make the little digital observation with the control.
The challenge is that mobile part inside the control, that black object you see.
If you get the speed of this reason, it certainly can be able to get it and even make the control content.
And what we also saw is that the goal of the car was to make it read and turn into an effective obvious to come back to the engineers of the monkey, so they couldn't solve this pretty quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital objective looking very close to data and their structure.
So for example, the number 1970 research in that code -- you can't open up.
And I started to research scientific line about how these contrasts are built in National and found that they are structures in what is called a career, and every country has 185 contents.
That had sense, there was a conversation.
And you put it better.
These conditions in Iraq are distributed in 15 parts called statements.
And guess what we find in the contact of authority?
A almost implanted structure.
So again, that was a good conversation.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no management.
The results have been clean after several weeks of hard work.
We just ended up in cards and we had to go back to it.
Even like this, we found that both of the digital issues were going to put one single and very good, but from different neuroscience.
The small little thing is taking a career, and making the robots and the broadcast and the big thing we communicate with six cards and starting values.
In the way, we are very complicated in which we've discovered what the discussion.
It's Nation, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry that other objects are coming out by Santa.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I really presented.
There is the grandmother box -- and you see the controls.
So what this thing does is to introduce the value values for example, for example, of the pressure of pressure and the sensors of violence and produced code code -- which still explorers during the attack, with fast data data.
And it turns out or not, these data data is protected by Santa.
It's like the Hollywood films where it was in the head of the sun, the sun of the security is food food food.
Is it great.
So the idea here is obviously not only being killed to the opposite of the control.
It's really much more dangerous and advanced.
The idea is to be a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operating could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plan when the great piece of value goes out of speed -- you have to open off a secret search in a minute.
obviously, this can't make it a human surface.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And you don't know the operating system to do it.
That supported.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This approach is general.
It has nothing to see -- especially with controls, with surgeon surgeon.
It could work as well, for example, in an energy plant or in a supply factory.
It's general.
And you don't have a stranger -- which is going to tell this card with a U.S. classroom, as we saw in the case of Sun.
You can also use the cognitive technology for us to do it.
Let me tell you the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a massive device.
That's the consequences that we need to face it.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the attacks is not in the Middle East in the Middle East,
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are spaces with a huge number of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better that we start to protect now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Random, it's been public in many ways that people are supposed to be the main environment behind this.
What's your character?
Rome Labback: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My challenge is that the Monterey is invented, but the engine is not India.
And the model behind this is the critical supply.
There is one single room, and that's the United States.
Because, in other way, our problems would be even bigger at all.
CA: Thank you for managers. Thank you, Rome.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take up and that I have a human skills -- or another thing that makes them use of streets and they come back and go back to walk out.
In Ben Bible, we call these robots -- expensive.
They are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you can increase their speed and help him, for example, to make the balance.
It's actually the real interaction of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can get it up and connect it with the universe and with the other extensions.
This is not an incredible idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on about talking about the American soldiers that, in average, it has to be able to take it on the stage a card of 45 trillion -- and it is being able to take even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important computers -- you put them on the stage, at 30 percent of the soldiers -- with children of stage.
We decided to control this challenge and create a speech that could help make the time.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Portuge Human Christian.
So with the HIV Expectation, I can spend 90 billion dollars for many hours.
Their flow design -- it allows you to put it up and take a lot of movements with great accessible.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go in, and then I increase my force and my research.
English Berlin, we are ready with our industrial sound, to produce this design, this new expensive, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
We go back now to look at the use of streets of regions -- about what I feel particularly approaching.
There are 48 million people who are about the streets of regions, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really constructive call.
We talk about something that happens with free, very young people, with data in the blood culture that when you start their life -- at 30 or 40 years -- they go up against a wall and the surface of regions turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that I know that it looks like.
His only option, a lot of times -- for a brain of brain or some other computer -- is the street site.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful exploration, as I must recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new capital on movement.
So let me introduce you the LGBT that is using Alaska Berkeley who makes 18 years ago, and as a result I couldn't go back to walk for 18 years to now.
And Alaska Bertland." Thank you.
Audience: Alabous is using our ELAM: that I mentioned it.
It has a few sensors.
They completely don't know in the bus that they send signals to the computer of the boxes, here in the street.
And there are a few bacteria that give them energy in the communities, and in the roots, and they make it move through this supply and a very nature.
BF: I was 24 years in the top of my life when I was in the air.
In a second, I lost all of a sudden and all of the movies of the oil down down.
A little time later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital and he said, "World, you will never go back to walk."
That happened about 18 years ago.
So I went up to the last piece of hope of my be.
The technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to figure out what it looks like in standards, and they will even look at your hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
Audience: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the planets to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change life to the future of genetic future -- not just of soldiers -- but to Alexander, and all of the use of streets of regions, all of us are going together.
BF: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the bank, they practice sex to say, and the game is the order of the day -- where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the Spanish Mars or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know what we first know.
This is the world of the standard bones of Congoligation.
The bones are together with the chimpanzees, their lives more close to them.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their architecture.
But unfortunately, we have done too far in this point in our nature of human evolution.
But the bones show us the other side of the mountain.
And as citizens are divided by big types -- terrorism, social society is going to be a lot of men with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very clear society where the moral violence has still not seen it.
But unfortunately, the bones are the less understanding of the big sites.
They live in the presentations of the control container, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a particular -- a land of extraordinary strangers and beauty -- but also the heart of the itself -- the scale of a visual conflict that has been involved by decades.
It's not going to tell you that this slide is also put in the distribution of the bone.
The computer card and the definition make you can't get a state with the bones that are going in the world, and certainly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and countries you can hear in the top of the trees.
Who are these printers?
We know them as the single San "Hey, not the war -- because they have sexual sex and supported and supported to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because life life is more than the Korea Sun.
At the bones, as humans love to play over his entire life.
Play is not just a game.
So for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the control and make the control.
With him we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase the creativity and the research and it has to do with the generation of different diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity fun.
And when you look at the blood game you see the evolution of evolution of the radio, the data and the human rich and human reasons.
The game is the performance that us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken in the middle of the state.
First of all, it's a player of ball standards, and I don't talk about school.
So here we have a man and a man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the farmers, and it has to get out of the battleman."
I just think that in this case to him love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of creating unusual elements to play -- and also how the game requires trust and financial -- and at the same time it is the most fun.
But the game.
The game is political, it can take a lot of forms -- some of which are more small, imagine -- current -- maybe the place where you get out of the astronomy.
And I want you to look at this -- this is Firepola, a young man who is playing with a strange water.
I believe that, as it is, sometimes we play alone -- and we explore the list of our own world and extraordinary.
And it is that little corruption that gets us to explore us, and then the interactive conditions that we form are the real sense of creativity of creativity in the creativity of the creativity itself.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the bones give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to take us to a world increasingly difficult with more creative and more conference.
The secret is that the game is the key to these patients.
In other words, the game.
In order to adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to go back to the mountain of the game.
The game is not free.
The game.
For both of us and humans for the way, life is not just creatures and straightforward.
When it looks like the least thing to play -- they can be the moment that it's the most organized.
And so you know, you know, you know, you know, let's take up this gift of evolution and we put together together as we find the creativity and the manufacturer and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York -- I'm responsible to a development of a developing organization called Robert House.
When I'm not putting the poverty.
And in our city, where the values are going to make a very bad personal person -- you have to get to the site of the increase that is very soon to go into action.
I remember my first instant.
I was the second value in the site -- so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still a car for the other values to get to the capital to the card and figure out what our task was like.
When I found the capital -- I was filmed in a conversation with the protein that no longer had one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing out on the class, under a pages, in the piece, and he was standing in his house I was in called it.
The other value that I had just got before I was going to get before I was -- Leona Leadership --  I got first to the capital and this asked him to go back and save the dog of the home.
The penguin? I was such a collection.
There I was a little bit of money or a lot of money that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a building to save a living life only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me a subject.
He said, "Look, I need to between the house.
I need to go out of the field, and I brought it to this woman a couple of dancers?
The rock is.
It was not exactly what I hope but I went up -- I went on the statistics, at the end of the past, I went to the trees of the transportation that at the top of that street or less they had ended up to get out of the fire and I went into the top of a couple of drugs.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hospital.
And I took my card back on the scale where I met my numbers and the perfect price in the main door in the private door of it.
We went out of the house for the dream of the house where it was about waiting -- his teacher got a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I got a card of the house of the house of the house of the house that was showing to save their house.
The computer that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had taken up even a couple of dancers.
And so much in my value in Robert Hollywood as in my value as a value of view -- I am an act of generation and communications in a modern scale.
And you know what I've learned about it?
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come up, or they're going to be able to make it, and they are going to be able to remind me this, you don't expect it.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give it, you will get it now.
They send food in a commercial, you send a part of the seals.
They are mentally.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of somebody but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game. They go through the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno George, Mars Mars -- Rome.
Mars Berties." Thank you.
This can seem like it might look like, but I am a great advantage of the content of the content.
The very first ones of content were made in 1985 with a very simple idea.
And very quickly, these became the most use of the most use in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things than us, as buildings or personality, a street at the time.
And essentially these whales have become the piles of our time.
It was almost a couple of years later -- in 1994, and Lester was going on this.
It was called a cardiovascular subject of authority.
And in a few years, the Lines of LED came to all the home.
And you have more than 400 billion or 75 billion dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineers to build beautiful people, buildings or home.
LGBA did it.
LED just took the control of the concept, the favorite in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our imagination of our imagine.
And as far as the same year -- in the Boston Lab, the next revolution was about to address -- the new construction of building conference.
The transition was a small unit of plastic that will take us from a world of a world of some of them started with each other to a world where all of a world.
And as the control of concept, the treatment allows it to create much more and more complex circuits -- a street at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the treatment was just for experts for experience.
I don't know how to do it -- that the building blocks of our time.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands.
A few years ago, I started developing Liberia.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberian are electronic electronics each one with a specific function of it.
They are ready to be light, sounds and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing is that they are used by images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The banks have a code of colors in them.
The green is the room, the blue is the corruption, the robot is the content and the colleague color is the card.
So you only have to take a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a larger care.
A blue with one green to produce light.
We can put a bank in the middle and so we have a region.
If we change the boat for a piece of punish, which is here, and now we have an amazing light.
We took this story to create more impact and we have a root machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game. Lines are actually very powerful reality.
Instead of having to protect -- connect and solve, Liberian allows us to protect us using very simple.
In order to make a little bit faster or smaller -- you just would take this battery that makes the pill is faster or smaller or smaller than it.
The idea behind Liberians is that it is a growing collection.
We want all the interest in the world to get back to a list to use.
lights -- sounds solar statistics, modernity, everything has to be access to it.
We've given London to kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that you don't learn in school.
For example, how is a light of night, or why the door of a teacher gets open up, or how a interaction respond to the top.
We've also led Liberia to design school.
So for example, the designers without experience some of them are starting to play with Liberians like a material as a materials.
So here you can see, with the piece of paper and painting, we have George created.
(Music mission.  A few weeks ago, we took London to the designers of the design of Roset Island, who don't have any experience in industry, just in card, and we said, "Look at it.
Here's an example of a project that they have done, a kind of control with movement.
But hope here is my favorite project.
This is a little bit of painting that has fear of the darkness.
And for these not engineers, Liberians became another material -- the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to be the statement of all.
So Liberian has an open code of it.
You can visit the website. You will get all the designers of design and make them.
We want to get up a world of create and influences and colleagues because this world in which we live in, this international world is us.
So I'm going to be able to invest it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the scientific discovery today.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking for the environment.
And he was discovered by it.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mile. They hope a moment.
You can make a little bit of cartoon.
We can continue to go better to the video to one side to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already going to take the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, you have a state to get up to the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be supposed to work on the government.
The interaction is called "The American for America and they would be like a couple of peace for techniques.
We spend some members every year and we put them to work with the molecules.
Instead of asking them to the third world we put them into the modern world.
They made big applications, they worked with the modern electrons.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
Do you know College.
This is a head of the city of Boston.
So here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what I really look for is that you really look at it when you get through it because you know that it's not very good at the end of it when it is covered by a meter of network.
How did I get to ask this way to ask this way so similar."
Last year, we had a team of members of "Commander for America.
They were out there in fish and at that time I had a lot last year.
And they realized that the city would never clean these hands.
But one of the members called Earth Michael did something else -- that the citizens are coming up with paintings right in front of them.
So he did like any good protection, developed an application.
This is a device in which you can put a hand.
You can be able to forget it when it is.
When you do that, you put a name in this case in this case I put it out.
If you don't do it, someone can get it.
I mean, it has a little commercial behavior.
It is a modern income.
It may be the smallest of the age of the 24 professionals last year.
But it makes something that any other technology of the government.
And it goes up in the way.
A responsibility of the city of human city when I saw this device was realized that I could use it, not for it, but so that the citizens are able to take supply services.
It is very important that they work out of these toy, but the people were cut up the banks.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then September decided to use it to make the citizens look at the charges of the distributions.
And China just launched it to make people break up in order to clean them when it is.
So now we know about nine cities that plan use it.
And this has been discovered with normal and nature.
If you know a little bit of a little bit of a great technology to know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that I took three people for two months for two months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that there was actually made by the normal citizens have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the local power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an app that is program in a couple of days and it has been discovered in the way it is a surgery of land to the industry.
It suggests the best way to work, not like the private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology company, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, without researchers, in the way open and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this slide is that it represents the way that the question of the government has the new generation of the new generation -- not as a problem of a control institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with education.
And it's not only "Come out for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country that connect with climate devices every day in their own communities in their own communities in their own communities.
They have not given for the government.
They feel a great fraction of that, but they don't get it, they get it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about policy -- the flow in the Dialone Anderson: and all of those other things that put us, the government is, the government is in the experiment, and what we do together is because we are not able to do it, because we are not able to do it, because we are not able to do it, because we just can't
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to do it, because things are changing it.
The policy doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government in the last week of us, you remember that from us, the people -- the way to think about the way to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to choose people so that I have a chart of charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all of a control of arms.
This is the center of television and information.
It is the place that you get the call if you take 1950 in the U.S.
I was able to hear this called this.
International Williams.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Well, you can open the door of the house -- put it out and make it very strong and see if you go?
And it works -- so well for Sun.
But that wasn't the end of the arms.
Boston doesn't have a center of called it.
It has a engineer, web and cell called Congolisones Congo.
We don't protect that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New University of New University of Boston.
One day, this was really going to come up with this personality, "With this personality, "I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to get it?
The diagram of Congo Congress is different.
I was talking about person.
In Antithing Congress everything is public -- so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighborhood.
The next thing said, "I'm going to go to the place, I found the bond behind the house.
Williams? Yeah.
And I went back to the count. I went home.
Good night, she stopped army.
fairly simple.
This is great. It is the control of digital and physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government of the distribution of the distribution.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology.
I talk about a platform so that people are going up and help others.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key role here.
I met the two people.
And I could have connected with the full services of being necessary but the window is a better alternative and more back than the general services are.
When a neighbor helps another, we get the community.
If we call a control of animals -- that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it's not the same thing that policy is.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the inside of the other.
And that our challenge to the government system is the voice.
How many times have you choose a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government represents our values and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is as an amazing ocean and the policy is the surface of 15 miles away.
On the bottom is what we call back.
And we say that word with a lot.
But it is that price that keeps that thing that makes us think that we find as something that happens in our against that other thing, that other thing, and in consciousness we're losing the power.
People believe that policy is sense.
If we want this institutions to work we will have to have to make it feel to be sense.
Because it's where the real work of government.
We have to talk to the government of government.
That makes the American movement.
Do you have seen them.
It is a group of citizens that have written a very developed increase of 350 pages in response to the beginning of the Sea Sea Project -- about the financial research.
That is not political activity -- it is a banking activity.
And for those of us who have gotten up to the government, it's time that we ask us how we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to get to it.
Do you really think we get where we have to go out of the institutions that can act in the name of all?
We can't be able to be able to be able to be more effective to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and know that it's not so hard to act -- only you have to add the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 24 years and so I mean, I am a greater generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and give that almost for sense.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their choices in any song at the same time and do it.
So when they face the problem of government doesn't care a lot about a lot of doing their voices as well.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program that they do better to the government.
And those devices allow us to use the hands to improve our communities to improve our community.
It can be limited by a hand, and I can be able to get back, looking at a bank collection that has a barrier inside of it.
Of course, we could always have looked at those hackers and many people do it.
But these devices are like digital records that we're not only constructions, we're not only construction of government that we pay together and we get services on it.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all the present -- when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a market of voices or we'll also be a manufacturer of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I have spent most of the time in criticism, private and the driver of death.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities in projects and places where there's a lot of designer.
And I'll be here at TED.
One of the things I've ever noticed in this short time, is that TED has idea.
And the things that they say here are impact around the world.
In terms of it, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense of it, you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- and it is careful, it can make much more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of identity for it.
I didn't really learned this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother of my grandmother here.
I grew up in a traditional family of an American family of an American family.
It was hard -- it was force, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She worked many of the decisions in our home.
It was a lot of people who had been started.
His parents were born in the sand in Vietnam about 1975.
She was born about 1975, and his experience with the way I saw the world.
She was directly, but it was also love.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she came up with me and I was going to give me a good attack.
I was so strong that I was able to go up and then I was going to go out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he said, "Beat, still feel my heart?
And if I said no, I would go back again, and if he told me I was like, I would leave it in peace ...
I had this human quality that makes you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less of the 10 percent.
I was going to spend a time with her, wasn't easy to spend his time and his attention.
My first were running around all of them.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to a morning, I went to the room and there they were running up all of my own.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at it.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and I was supposed, but she was very serious ...
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, and he took me out of my hand and he said, "You see Brazil. We are going to be considered.
I remember this as if it was there.
I'll never forget it.
It took me outside and he said, "Beat, I'll tell you something -- but you can't tell anyone anything.
I said, "It's good, Mars."
She said, "Do you make sure you won't do it, I said, "Come on.
Then I sat up, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you, I want you to know.
And he said, "I think you're special species.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I want you to pay three things, Brazil."
I said, "Look at me, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is that you always want to want your mother, you want to want your mother to you.
Audience: She's my daughter -- and you have to ask them to always get the computer.
As I went back to my mom I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it?
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that you will always do the right thing that the right thing is going to do is the right thing to be the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. So I'll do it?
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is that you have no computer bears.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, this is what I would do it?
I grew up in the field -- in the rural sun -- I have an brother a year a year a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a story of six cents, I don't know where I did it, I was going to go to my sister and me and we went up to the forest of it.
We just got to do the logic languages.
He took a surgeon of crisis, I took my sister to my sister -- she took a little bit and they got me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's good. You go up, but I'm not going to take a content.
My brother said, "Come -- I do it. And you always do the same thing that we are.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can get out.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it happen? Take a brain?
I kind of put it up with force and said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Can I tell all the grandmothers that are specialized.
I was right.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be discovered up.
But I have 45 years old, and I can tell you that I've never taken a chart of a card.
I don't say this is a virtually. I say it for the power that has the identity that has the idea.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other people who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think that my grandmother was born that all of his girls were special species.
My grandmother had been presented during protection.
My years died from diseases with the cartoon.
And these were the things that you have to do with it, we had to make them.
Now, trying to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1997, there were 300 prostitutes.
There are two million today.
In the United States we have the biggest thing in the world.
We have seven million people in the conditions of control.
And this massive exchange, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much designer, so much of them -- determined by these done.
One of three black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the crisis or in the conditions of the conditions of it.
In the urban communities around the country, the Angeles, Park, Barties, 1990s, from 50 to 60 percent of all of the people of color are in the crisis or in the conditions of the conditions of the control.
Our system is not just distributed in front of the reason is also about the poverty.
In this country we have a common system that is a lot better if you're rich and cooking, that if you're poor and increase.
It's not collective, but I read what the results.
And it looks like we feel very strange.
The fear of fear and the force makes us believe that these aren't problems.
We are destroying.
It looks interesting me.
We are looking at our work some of a little bit of corrections.
In my state, in Alabama, like in other states -- you get out of rights for always if you have a period of penguins.
Right now.
And if we put it at the next 10 years the average level of rights will be as far as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this simple signal.
I represent children.
Many of my cells are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel to children from 13 years to die in private properties.
We have in this creative country for kids, no possibility to go on.
Right now we are in a process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the heart of death people.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people are going to die by the common crisis?
A very serious question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about to decide if people are going to die by the common creatures, but if we are going to move to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States.
In every nine people, it has been involved by one that is inventing that it's extraordinary and freedom of the death of death.
A strange rate of farmer, an increase of every year.
This is interesting.
It was not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give up if it was going to be struggling -- one of them would have got to show you.
But in some way we get from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our card.
It's not our fight here.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about reason and this issue of if we look at it.
It's interesting that in my kinds of students on American history, I talk about the salary.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the research, and it would go up to the second World War war.
We don't really know a lot of this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit available by the atmosphere.
In many communities people have fear of being literally.
So I worry about being been been boring.
The threat of the land was what their lives.
Now there are more people who are going up and they tell me, "You know, Steven, you say, "Do you talk to the people who stop to say that in our history for the first time with the terrorists, after 1999, after 1999, after 1999, after 1999.
They ask me to say, "No, we grow with that?
The age of the terrorists -- obviously with the service and decades of radical supply and security.
In this country we have a difference why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have done.
All of the time we have each other.
We have been able to create techniques and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about rationals. I think it's because we're not willing to communicate with a real process.
In South Africa, people understand that you couldn't be able to be able to support the reason with the truth with the truth and record.
In Roman, even before the generation had this complexity, but in this country we haven't done it.
And I was in Germany, by giving conditions about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went back after my press and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say, you say what you say, you know.
Audience: We don't have a death of death in Germany.
We will never be able to have here.
The room was at the room and a surgery said, there's no way that with our story, we could ever be able to move in human death of human beings of human beings.
It would be a self-support that we are, and discovered, we would be able to explore people.
It turns out about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Angele, to go to people, especially if they were in their own landscapes?
We couldn't tell it.
It would be a self-organized.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in dangerous.
If we actually don't care about these things so hard -- the positive things and wonderful and wonderful things are.
We love innovation.
We make the technology -- we take the creativity together.
We love the entrepreneur.
But finally, those reality are available by the suffering -- the advance, the democracy, the marketing.
In my view, you need to be able to understand both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the stops, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
This is what we are. despite being so rational, so compared to the interaction.
With innovation with creativity -- the development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what makes us take us not only in the brilliant and support, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Harry, the great leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in the Middle East surprised, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope.
Well, that thing for the space is basically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED.
There is no relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really humans if we don't think about it.
Now I want to tell you that these thinking is going to build a much more important identity than if we apply these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big private, being a very young panel, to know Rome Parks.
These women are just getting to talk to you.
And I changed the Carol Carolina called me -- to say, "Beat, comes on the South Park. We're going to be able to go to talk to you.
You want to come and hear it?
I said, "I know year. I know I want.
So she said, "Well, and what would you do when you get to get?
I would tell him -- "Hey showed him.
So I went and just I just heard them.
It was a very visit thing.
And in a scale I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- I was standing up to me, and he told me, "Beat, Lego, I love that it's that idea of the subject justice.
How much are you trying to do what you're trying to do?
And I began to give my discussion.
I said, "Well, we're trying to answer the instrument.
And we try to help those who have been constructed up.
And we try to control the pressure and discovery in the advance of the personal justice area.
We try to end up with the lives of life, no conditions for the children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the crisis.
We tried to end up with marketing engineers.
I gave him all of my best disconnection and he looked at me and he said, "You know, Mount miles mine.
And he said, "The substance attacks, very attacking?
At that time, the Sun. And I came up and I put it up on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very valuable.
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way to deal with those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally, humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education in simple things.
I've got to understand and believe that every one of us is the worst of the worst that we have bought it.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a member, it's not because it is a members.
I'm sure that if someone takes something that doesn't get it, it's not that it is a little bit.
Even if someone killed another one, it's not that it is a supply.
This is why I think there's a basic diversity in the people who must be responsible for the law of it.
I also believe that in many parts of this country -- and yet in many parts of the world, I know it to poverty.
That's not it.
I really think that in a lot of parts of the poverty is the justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very democratic, very beautiful, very strange, we don't play for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or radical capacity or radical.
At the end of a society, it is not the way of a society -- not the way they treat the rich -- powerful and private -- but the way they treat the poor, the contents, the proteins.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I feel that I feel desperately. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too hard to do.
And I have a chart, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been represent to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of strangers.
I go to the crisis and I see my classrooms from 13 and 14 years -- who have been starting to give them as an adults as adults as adults as adults as adults as adults as well.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can you be able to get someone in what it's not.
The person is sold as a adult, but I see a child.
A very late night, I was thinking about thinking about it, by God, if the car can become something that you don't are, you have to have magic power.
Yeah, Brazil, the person has a magic powerful power.
You should ask some of that.
And as I was very late -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a mass.
I had a 14 years old, a little bit of a small bit.
And I started working in the morning, with a school who said, "Monster so that I said, "Minister for me to be treated as a professional black of 75 years old, exception of a corporate?
And in the fact that there was had there was a lot of information in the access, in the behavior.
There was a clean line about how in this country there is no science, but a whole amount of scan.
At the next morning, I was thinking about that thing to be a dream to be a dream or really writing it.
So for me, I didn't only have the restaurant -- but I had sent it to the cortex.
They spent about two months ago, I had been left it.
And I finally decided -- and God, I have to go to the face for this case static.
I went back to the car and I was really absorbed -- adding up.
I was in the car at the way.
I thought this would be very difficult and personality.
I finally got out of the car. I went to the land.
I was going through the scales when I found it with a big black man -- it was the content of the land.
When I looked at it and he said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a painting? He said, "It's you? I said yes. I said yes.
And so I was approached and I would open me.
And I was going to support it in the video.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was visible.
And that was completely connected with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to trust the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went back to the audience room.
When I went in, the guy was looking at me.
And he said, "Yes, Steven, you wrote this massive mass?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me, and we began to figure out.
People started to go. They all were invented.
I was the one that had written those crazy things.
They came up with the police the police profits, the advances.
And yet, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them because we were talking about, because we talked about poverty.
With the head of the eye I came to look at the conversation that I went and came on.
I looked at the window and he came up to hear all of that.
And I kept walking up for here and for there.
And finally, this old black window, I went up in the room and felt behind me, almost in the table of the administration.
So about 10 minutes later, the guy was able to be a restaurant.
And during the design of the state of the statement he was shown up because the conversation had come into the room.
The attack goes up on the old black black
And he said, "Look, what do you do in the room of audience?
And the old black came out of the bottom, I looked at the attack, and he looked at me and said, "I got to this room of audience to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with fish?
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral act of the universe is very large -- but it gets a long way to the journey.
We can't be really human humans if we don't care about human rights and by discovery.
That our surface is ready to the other of the others.
That our technologies of technology -- design and creative and creativity they have to look at the fraction, compassion and justice.
And on the top of all, those of those people who share this, just I want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with fish.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an evidence of the audience of the audience of the audience of this community, to help you in your processes, to do something.
Something that is not a card. What can we do?
BG: There are various opportunities here.
If you live in the state of California. For example, there will be a record that is going to be an effort in which it will be able to get the forces that they spend today in the companies that they spend today.
For example, here in California. They're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years. billion dollars.
And despite this, 40 percent of the hospitals are not going to be able to trust arms.
The 75 percent of the violence don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
And this record is going to be able to be able to make these forces to make the read of the law to the security to the security of the security to the security of the second.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States in the United States, in the last three decades.
And part of the explain -- it says that it has to do with the biggest rate of computer.
What would you tell them what you think is like this?
BG: In fact, the rate of carbon with violence has been really strange.
The big growth in this country in this country is not because of violence.
It's by the wrong wrong.
This is why it comes up with this digital increase in the college population.
And we let us convince the restaurant of the career.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the people in the principle of the performance -- and you can break a biological biomass against the protein, instead of making those resources.
I think we have to do more to help the levels of creatures and not less.
It seems to me that our current photograph on the car doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Beautiful, you've been excited about today.
You're very inspired in.
Thank you very much for having TED. Thank you.
Labbage.
Labbage two. Hello in Sun. Land 3: So the police would be particularly paralyzed.
Competition 4: Computer stoppings. Competition five."
Competition six? The social Democrats -- College 12, 75 dead.
Little 50, anger of the topic -- Carolina 1950s.
A lot of companies, I wanted to be a market. The market device.
Really record. It was the end -- English. Start.
Criminal. Does. Design.
Oh, my God.
Pet Devicernes, these are just some of the lines that I got in the last six months in the last six months.
The idea is that the media media is going to be able to try to make negative news because our minds will give them attention to them.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of each day our senses get a lot more data that probably the brain can be able to process it.
And as nothing is matters more than survived, the first part of all of those data is an ancient free of the time called the teacher.
The language is our terrible destiny detail, the dangerous.
It resistance and recorded all of the information looking for something in the environment that I could make a day.
And so of a story of stories we will have to be able to look at the business.
That old recent of the press, "If there is sea, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to give us negative news.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to be bad in worst time.
But maybe not.
Maybe in change, what actually happens is that we have distributions.
Maybe the huge progress is done in the last century for a series of force is getting up so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extra change of species and energy and energy -- we have no weapons.
As human beings are very good to open up the problems and the long, we end up with them.
So let's look at the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average average has been more than developed, which is the average average per care of information has been treated around the world.
It has been resistant 10 times.
In fact, the cost of the food of the food and the computers, and it has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Park showed us that we're living the most effective of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the global architecture happened about 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're really living a little bit of an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we got to put it up and get more high experiments.
In fact, we actually reduce the poverty.
Think about it, in the U.S. in the United States, so much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water.
The markets of the last century of the last century, the experiences of the planet, had ever been sitting with such lights.
And I support a lot of this is the technology and finally, their economic growth.
My good friend friend Rome showed that any tool that has been in the technology of the information of the straight information in this cure -- the law of Monterey, and depressed the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the cell that they have in the ball is a million times more short and a thousand times faster than a supply of the years.
Now look at this culture.
It's the Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, the survival that is -- in good time and bad time, in the war and the peace -- in the depth and in the war.
It's the result of quick computers used to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop to any of the big challenges here.
And even though it is free on the left on the left, it goes back to the top of the way.
The growth rate of technology is in each more and faster again.
And in this culture, at the lab of Mars Law, there is a series of extraordinary technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Australians call commercial computer -- signs and networks and networks -- the presentation of 3D and their ability to democracy and draw people in the whole planet, the symbolic biology and the food and the Internet.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Jersey from Washington, from Iraq."
It was picture.
I looked at the personalities the best thing that there would be.
And I love this -- "Walking comes to human characters?
Jefferson is not a easy.
It suggests with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile world.
So four years ago, here at TED.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the big challenges of humanity in humanity as well.
And every year we asked them to lead a company, or a product or service that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade of a decade in a decade ago.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, it would have been absorbed.
Now we can take a piece of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating advances, it doesn't mean to create light life for every room of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that is that it is a little bit and I'll get it up.
You see, the statement is controlled and technology is a force that read resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National Mars of 1990s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to get the rest of Simitation.
The North Taliban transmitters were made with colleagues of plant, and the same National containers.
But the rest of Simparine, I eat out of the community.
You see, the authority was the most value of the planet -- it will be more than the blood and the plant.
So this is why the question of the Monati to Washington is a community.
You see, even though the authority is 80 percent of the mass of the Earth -- it doesn't come as a perfect metal.
It's ready for the oxygen and the supply.
But then I got the electricity and he made the sunlight something that we use it as if it was destroying.
We try to think about the future.
Let's think about the power of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet.
They come to the Earth 16 percent of the energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about stuff, but it is not about action.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation, 8,000 percent of you will be 16 records.
The cost of solar energy is 50 last year.
The last month I published a study that shows that at the end of the decade -- in the state parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six dollars a company for the hour to share with the age of 15 percent of the national media.
And if we have a power of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war in the water.
They remember when Charles San put up the space spectrum to the Earth on the Earth -- then that happened Standard."
I did a famous picture of how it was called.
"A block policy poetry."
Because we live in a water of water.
We live in a planet for 60 percent of water.
Yes, the 99 is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we put for the water of the water of the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a technology available in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the nature, nature.
In a conversation with David Kanzi this morning, one of the interactions of the British -- I would like to share with you, I was given to do it to do it -- his technology called Shanghai maybe you know, is the size of a small research.
It is able to generate a thousand dollars of water in the day of any form of source flower, water water.
The president of College was just going to be able to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a trust where it will be, Color will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
This is a potential innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the cells in the world in the developing world.
Think about it, that massive war has better mobile communication in the middle of Kenya.
And to tell with an intelligent cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that President Canada 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communication that no one could have been predicted by each other.
But better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- Vietnam Line, images of books and music and music technology -- now they are developing and lose a lot of market with the mobile people.
Maybe the best thing to get when they run out in health.
The past month, I had the plant to be able to go up with the Force Force something called the X-ray Project Content, 10 million dollars.
We are running to the team of the world to make these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has Earth, you can be able to take out of the finger.
To win it has to make a little bit better than a medical medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world that there are no doctors -- where the quality of moral is 25 percent, and there are 18 percent of health workers in health.
When this device is a vision of Arabia, or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the high health -- and first of all, I would prevent that it was going to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
And I call it the one billion of them.
The white lines here are the population here.
We just went out of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best project against the drugs are to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line -- connected up.
For 2010, it will spend two billion of us in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What do these people want these people.
What are you going to do? What do you want to do it?
And instead of an economic collection we will have the largest economic impact of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to be able to be able to go out to the Brown, from a better education with the Alexander Kangard and because of the use of the presentations in 3D and the computer in the tumor will be more likely than ever before.
What can we take about 3,000 million of us from humanity -- health and production, education and products?
So what about a few times have never been before.
So what if we give them the presentations, where you are a voice to be heard and power to be able to be able to be able to be heard and power for the first time.
What would these 3,000 million.
And if you are control that we can't predict it?
So something that I learned with the X-ray Prince is that small team is that small teams, you put it up with your passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that only could do the big corruptions and governments in the government.
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Park.
It was in the University of Washington, in September.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of authority and figure out the way that they will be able to put the program.
The plants stop the structure.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supply.
They have played with this college teachers, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were used and they started playing it.
And there's been shown that today the research of human patterns of human patterns is better playing that the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this extreme technology.
We have the passion of the basis of the bank.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three million new minds that are used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a couple of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The corruption of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my hospitals.
He was here, as you know, in 1975.
You may believe that I was published, but it wasn't like this.
It actually records fish.
And I described one of them as very completely.
It was the beginning.
It was a very long thing to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the red Right now.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galaxies and other places, so that has nothing about species.
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're present.
They still say that they are still investing.
So what happens here?
The second story, also increasing another concept -- the statement of the city.
Because I was there in 1998, studying a language in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experiment to the sun.
The lab was surrounded by papers, and as you can see, from a few grades.
There were steps out of about 20 cents, the black balloon.
And the fish of this story was very hard and I was going on for a good time, so he was getting more than the middle in China.
When I went up there was 25 years later the amount of fish had been distinguished to half of the fish as well.
They moved to the five cents.
They experience a genetic pressure here.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
And my third story is that I was a company in the interview of the arms in the top of the attack of the attack.
In the decade of 1990, well, I started in the 1980s, Europe made a lot of developing projects.
The designed development is going to imagine the countries that already had 100 percent, to think of the industrial fish.
And this book, a lot of finger, it's called the Monterey County.
I went out to fish in him, and we made studies in the South University of China.
What we changed was a strange thing.
We capture, now I know it, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we changed were stores, other animals that are in the bottom of the way.
And most of the fish are diagnosis on a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of restaurants that are fish of a heart region.
And in fact, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then it was raised.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then you start the commercial fish here.
The bottom is going to be a straight force in this case, in this case, to be a line.
This is a death.
They didn't eat them. They did it because they were dead.
Once we changed a living life.
I was still not standing.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This number of rest is what you get the fish every time you go to a area in which they have never found them.
But it doesn't go down.
We treat the world but we don't remember it.
We go back the particular point -- the new level, without remember what was there.
If we make this something like this.
In the axis and we have good things -- biologists, amounts of cards, the speed of the country, the water of water.
And that changes the time. It changes because people do with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their life in the beginning of their life as the normal and it would tell it to it.
The difference.
But they don't know the loss that happened before.
You can look at change of change.
And at the end of it to keep a little bit of restaurants.
And that, in a big moment, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem effect the people when the devices are going to kill animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal that is very hard, before you explore, it is a little bit.
You don't lose an amazing animals.
You lose a little bit.
Even if this doesn't feel like a great loss of it.
In time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea sign of big fish of big fish.
They become a little bit.
And with the time they have a few fish -- but we think that's the point.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will tell that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a way that they are not in the way that they would expect to have the evidence that they would expect to have the evidence of it.
So for example, the advance that some of them are going to do, as you know, and I just saw a lot of fish in this area can't be able to use or not use the scientists of the fish because it's not scientifically.
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in industrial societies because they don't trust the source of the past.
And from the huge paper that can be able to get a private area of protecting the protein.
Because with the marketing areas -- we really get the past.
We go back the past that people can't trust because the particular point has gone up and it's absolutely under it.
That's for the people that you can see a professional area and they can benefit out of the vision that you might be able to cut out of the particular point.
And what happens with people who can't do it because they don't have access as people in the Middle East, for example.
I think that the art and the center may be able to get the value.
This is a situation of the Bangladesh Bang.
A lot of time ago, there was a big grandmother in the Bangladesh back in the Banglader.
And there will be noticed that males and the topics are like "Well, they are like "Well.
And if you think about "The "Computer, if you think about what people put up with the film -- if you talk about the story of Policies, why will we be able to connect with images?
Because I guess something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
So my record, the only thing to give you, is to Carl, to make San Eastern under water.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I am Kenya Alaba, the German Texas -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are being done and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- corporations, companies, companies -- when I was more young -- that seemed very, very difficult to be very, very difficult thing.
But today.
anybody can be done in the Internet in a sign.
They get more than 40 hours of video to York per minute.
And of that, just a little percentage is able to be visible, you get a lot of vision and a cultural magic manufacturing.
How does that?
Three things.
Well, let's start it.
George Valley, Oh, God me, God me.
God.
Google?
Angele, anger."
KB: Last year, George Alex published this financial video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the paradigm of the last summer in the past.
Ben is not supposed to make a virtual video.
And I just wanted to share a little bit of a distribution of it.
That's what you do if it's called Monterey Berlin.
There was already published many videos of nature.
And this video had been published in it.
So what happened here?
It was John King.
John King published this toy that would take the video to the political video.
The trends of technologies like John King present us new and interesting things to a larger public audience.
Research Blue?  This is vision, video. You have to start looking at it.    All of you want to get the end of week -- the end of week --                                     
"Come out of Red Ben is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the free of use.
As I was "Separate the drawing disaster, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day, right?
Well, it was visible, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other pictures, they're also visible.
But what happened this day, this video in particular?
Well, I took it Tonymone, and many blogs started writing about it.
Mexico.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are able to put a point of view and share it with a more completely advantage, including the process.
So this community of people who share this great interest of then then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 particles of "Look at YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a face for each of the other days.
And unlike the global growth of the 20th century in the 20th century, this community is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Carolina, it is an analytic and a residential music.
That's how that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's right, you know that there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
As long as you saw this video.
And there are children who saw other galaxies to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I went between the technical community of the Internet.
There were regulations.
Somebody did a version to the ancient one.
And then he became international it.
And of course, it came out a whole community of restaurant that made this going to be a chart to something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it.
Who could have done something like this?
Who might have been predictable "Secret to double, or Red Bang or "The "County.
What do you know could have written that I would have this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video per minute -- just that really only one and engineering can stay in the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who brought against the cars in New York City.
Carolina Nigeria, I was not going to be carried by the banker but often there are obstacles that are going to be able to tell you directly about the bank.
KB: Thank you to the surprising effect and his humanity, Canada Nick made that five million saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in creative ways.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Valley, what does this mean?
Okay.
KB: What does this mean?
The trends of trends, creative community communities -- the whole increase of a new kind of media -- in a new culture of a new culture -- that we all have access and is the audience that define the popular police.
As I said before, one of the current colleagues in the world, Justin Berlin, started in York.
They don't ask them to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of our colleague culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- these are the current media -- but they will define the energy of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a role that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the stories.
Imagine the first piece -- a man named the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug -- a man whose entire life had been used in the only hope of urban and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the companies go into the San, by looking at the fact that their life had been completely on the world.
The words, for so long friends -- now they were doing it.
It went back in the sky.
It died for the story.
He's my grandmother here.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been on the value, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be able to get it, but we put it out.
The next part of the board is about a boat when they are going to be able to be able to go down to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I had just 18 years when his father died -- and a control market and two small girls and two small kids.
For her, life had been designed to a single task, the stage of his family and a new life in South America.
It was an amazing thing that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that challenge the factory, a boat goes down to the sea search of search for search.
All of the adults knew the risk of it.
The biggest fear was the prisons, the violence and death.
Like the majority of the adults -- my mother took a failure with video.
If you walk in, first of all, we will take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my
My first remember are from that boat -- the robotic robot of the model, the test survive in every single one, and the heart and a value.
I don't remember the prisoners that came several times, but they were starting with the value of the men in our back, or the model of death and not being able to save for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil plant in front of the cost of Mars, and the young man who colleagues and died -- to find the journey it was too much for him, and the first subject that I tried to, given for the men of the planet.
No man had the same sentence.
After three months in a field of resistance, we developed in Monterey.
And the next piece of the board is about four women over three generations giving a new life to a new together.
We were starting in French, a kind of kind of kind of classroom whose population is made of increases.
At the way of the average submers, which there is a disconnected -- in French, there was no sense of the right.
The choices that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the English English enterprises were inspired between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in galaxies -- then in a classroom line of cars -- working six days, two days ago.
Even like this, I found time to study English and get a television in the TV entrepreneurs.
We were possible.
All of the dollars were self-straightforward, -- and it was starting a strange electron in English and math -- not matter what they would be able to do, that usually was a new new new new.
Two parts of media for school, one to reduce the holes of the other.
A school scale to the bones, because I had to spend six years old.
And there were strange strains and distributions on the "little "little eyes, and some graduate, "The "Cheerler, come home.
At home, where is that?
So something in me is struggling.
I was running up and a voice that he said, "I'm going to save you.
My mother and my brother and I would go on the same way.
My mother was explored every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother survives standards, all of the back.
And my task was going to be affected until his skins would start to be able to be able to get it out.
She opened a computer of computers -- then I studied to be statistically and open another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the traditional transformation, and they were angry and increasingly, and they were able to be brought between two world.
They looked at substance and pains.
And they created centers.
I lived in the paradigm world.
In one, it was the college public student -- implanted with what they did from myself.
In the other, I was interested in printing lives -- transparent by violence -- the advance of drugs and the subject.
But many of them came through the years.
And by that work, when I was studying my last year of administration, I was made up the young authority of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the bond to the other, but his bones didn't go down.
And so I was just successful of Project, was now so far -- researching and social activity -- invited to talk in places that I had never heard of named, and in case that she would never have imagine.
I did not know the proteins.
I did not know how to use corrects.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the robots and the way of life in a sense of the immunization -- a grandmother -- a mother and two children end up the day as they did it for almost 20 years -- telling me about the day of each and stopping dogs, the three yet.
And I said to my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I was now the same age that she had when she had when we went back to the back.
No one had been an opportunity.
"Donning, he said, "You don't be what you're not about.
And so I talked about self-assemble and education and education to markets and presentations.
And the more I talked about, the more I was solved to talk about.
I met people from all of the life of life, many of them doing what they looked like, living in the face of the possible.
And even though I ended up my line, I realized that I couldn't stay in a card card.
I had to have another piece of the board.
And I realized at the same time that it's good to be a discussion, a recent goes, new in the scene -- and not only it's good -- but it's something that is going to be a recently, maybe a regime of the back.
Because it's going to be able to be able to be able to figure out how to put the horses, it can easily be able to accept the consequences of your own protein.
I gave enough step out of my area to know that, yes, the world is defended -- but not the way we have.
It would not have been allowed to be allowed to be all the way they were available to do.
There was an energy there, a profit optimism -- a piece of humanity and value.
So I kept my industry.
He took a little group of people who were not going to do, it was a religious challenge of it.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, he made a giant glacier that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some of us are going to open us out.
I took the decision to measure the U.S.
After a single journey of it.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the authority came on.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother here.
She grew up in a time in which the Congress was the social normal and the local Mars was the person who matters it.
The life had not changed by century.
His father died little after she was born.
The mother came up with it.
And at the age of 17 became a content of a Mars whose mother was made.
No support of his home, you get a record when you put it up and take the cause of her, and much more back to when you get a galaxy.
It can't be used to be a surgeon.
I was in the room in the bottom of a hospital in Sun when she died -- to one thousand miles in Monterey.
And I looked through the market of the garden and I saw it from the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Two days later, we went to a bit of the Bangladesh test in French and we sat around the airplane.
We tell stories and we asked him to be still with it.
On the night a man came up and told us it had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked him to the monkey, "Why is his hand careful, and the rest of the body so short."
Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't been supporting.
If there is a nervous in our family, that run through women.
And because of those who we were and how life, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives.
The desk would have done it easy.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask you about the back.
Who could stop that for you?
But I fear to the practice of the easy.
I can give you a test in their lives, supported in every day, the rich print of the model, the surgery of the monkey that doesn't be able to do anything anything."
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Trian Newtonians and also the mother of so right now, in the fourth or the film of film.
My story starts in Rossear about two years ago.
I was in the design, under the state of the status -- with the cost of Mars Alaska.
We were being convinced from how nothing has changed from the ancient one of the old Andrew in the American state.
In those days when we wanted to travel we were going to travel to a box and we surrounded the sky.
Now we do it with adults.
In that time when I was and the big protein war -- I had a sense, I had a little bit and with a strange to the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same thing with short and machines now.
The trust that we knew was that the map had been represented to the magic of the magic.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more of technique.
And I took this idea to lose the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and make a decade if I didn't have the camera -- if I couldn't bring it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to allow me to take the magic -- not to kill it.
As a girl my grandmother gave me his grandmother collaborative collaboration.
And this piece of 50 years of 50 years was for my thing.
It became a door for a world full of images of images of images and short in my imagine.
I had the feeling that the mobile -- the classrooms of light and the cameras are going to do we are.
They face our institutions.
And so I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of kill it.
It was from the age of the 16 years.
And so when I saw the iPod I saw a national device able to connect the laws of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image of the image, the animation, the sound and the top.
The nature becomes more and more multiple.
But what does that look like?
I'm a point of launched Kenya, an international device for iPod.
He says, "Come out your fingers on every light.
And so --     says, "This box is going to be -- I wrote my name up.
And so I became a book of the book.
In several times I got a cartoon -- the iPod knows where I live because of the GPS -- that comes down to me.
My little child is excited with all of these possibilities with all of these possible.
I've talked a lot about magic now.
And I don't mean markets and drawings but to that magic of influence, to those ideas that we open from children.
So for some reason, the landscapes in a factory always was angry.
So, on the here, we have to be able to figure out the iPod in order to deal with them.
And really, they apply your way in what it comes to the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxies is that the whole galaxies in a bank.
And so here, every book and every world is going to be in a balance that I would bring up to this magic device within the designer.
And this works a map of it.
In all of the favorite books there have always been maps but they have been static materials.
So this is a map that grows up and it graduates during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important thing to me is to create the Indian content and at the time.
This is the supply here.
We all have heard of the hands and the nightmares but how many people outside of India know their individual contents, the savings?
These poor positions have been taken up in the campaigns of India during thousands in an old and a half book.
That's why we are trying to come back into a control story.
In a story that comes together as an environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been completely continued, put them back to their Parks, have not come back to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interest of the book is this advance in which you have to go out to the outside and take the camera or the iPod, and you will take images of different natural objects of natural objects.
As a child I had a lot of colleagues, I had a lot of colleagues, stones, sheets and shoes.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So in order to remember this region of the infinity you have to go out and in a capital, I will take a picture to a flower and then take it.
In another chapter -- you have to take a picture of a piece of corruption and then get it.
And so this way is a digital collection of pictures that you can put in the Web in the Internet.
A child from London put a picture of a bottom and says, "Oh, I saw a back?
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network in the back of the digital pictures that have been taken on.
And within the number of connection between the magic and the technology and technology there are lots of possible.
In the next book we have to have an interest in which you go out with the iPod and the video video and the fact that you can actually look at a group of analysis that come out on the bottom plants in the house.
In a moment the screen is full of the street.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them to read the rest of the book.
Let's go into a world where the forces of nature are interested with technology and magic and technology and technology is going to get one to another.
We take the energy of the sun.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and that magic and love.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health health projects ...
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the Japan University was to make a distribution of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she came up with a little piece of carbon or I asked patients and I asked patients, family and knowledge -- what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not all, but most of the health health projects -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my Bible Bangladesh is something very simple.
It has a piece of self-started and starting to be a search of it.
All of the morning, I got out.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put up the challenge to get to 75 percent.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Harvard.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need card advanced or some organization of that thing, but I would see it back to it.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter in Twitter here.
So every morning I connect me to my Bible Bangladesh, and before I went back to my car -- people start talking to me, London, today I think you need a living dream.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it's pressure of the parents used to help patients -- because it could be used for observations, and also so that patients are going to stop it.
On the other hand, it can be able to move people from their chair and to develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week I will be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available by the time.
And this little market connected to an image or another device or another device to a distribution.
And people might be able to be able to take their artificial pressure to send them to your doctor and share with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are using a position -- they come back to the control and to be capital of their own back, but it also can help us to the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the destinion of the cost of the medical attention and other issues and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to send patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crisis.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video video.
We all have a condition in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where the current cards are in Mars in Mars.
And also where you are all the cards.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the more close to help this patient.
We ask you, but nobody else.
No one supposed to get the DNA save lives at this moment.
So what we did was to make crisis in the Bangladesh countries.
We created a website -- and we asked him to the public Pole, you see a DNA -- you can see a DNA, you know, and when it's open up, and when it's open at the time they open in an office and others are crazy.
And more than 10,000 dollars already sat in the Bangladesh countries.
The next step was to look for the device for that.
And we did an app for the iPod.
We created an app for Law, really accepted, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and someone colleagues, you can use their iPhone, and the weeks to use their cell cell to find the DNA of the most close -- which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to present this -- not just like DNA Chinese, which is the name of the product -- but also like Descer.
And we would want to start at the global level.
We are putting all of the colleagues in the world, in other college, so that we will help us find and act as a center for the Decade of the DNA around the world.
Every time you go from values and someone classroom, it can be a piece or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
And I also wanted to send companies around the world that could help us fly out of these DNA.
They could be services of message or people of television, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please go on this and not just improve health but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my picture.
Or it's "The photography.
Because, of course, they are pictures that can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was turned with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And I moved up with my passion before the designer, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process is going to end up when you think about it.
So for me the photograph had more to be in the right place, at the right time.
I looked like anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start by thinking about it.
pictures like this -- a building in a very traditional career.
But it has a serious service.
And despite it, he has a level of responsibility.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colleagues at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of responsibility.
And when I say responsibility I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can change but I always want it to seem to have been capital in some way as a picture.
So pictures that you will have to think about a moment to find out the transport.
It has more to make an idea that with a moment.
But what is the transportation that makes them seem to do it?
It's the details or colors?
It invents the light.
What does the instant?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But at the end, it is about our way to introduce the world and how you can be able to think about a biological surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the fundamental are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we all can relationship with the traditional world.
But they changed in a certain way you can create something that still looks like.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's get the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when you change the pictures of it.
It really has to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture it looks like, I think they are those where we don't even think about us, the things that give us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures is very important to think about it, it would be something that would be wrong.
So I would like to tell you that there are three simple rules that will be able to be able to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very species.
But communication, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the photos are going to have the same kind of light.
And these two images go up with these researchers. They were taken to the same street and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to be able to do the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect sun.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part of it is managed.
But this image is completely made by pictures of different places.
So I think it's easier to create a place that you find because you don't need to put the ideas that have in the head.
But it requires a lot of planet.
And as I thought of this idea in the invented I knew that I had several months to fly it, to find the different characteristics for the pieces of the barrier.
For example, the fish was changed in a piece of fish.
The cost is from a different character.
The supply part was changed in a particular party.
And yes, I even did red the house of the end of the island so that it looks more sounds like that.
So in order to make a real result I think it makes a lot of planet.
It always starts with a bottle, an idea.
Then you have to change the different picture.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good work when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at the time.
All the tools are there and the only line is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
Let me start showing you a spectrum about technology, very clean.
Please if you can put it.
It's a distribution that I took out of a correct control.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is about an analysis that we were doing about the potential of the AIDS microscopes to see the power of local area of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, as a lot of other people that we have to see, is a kind of right line in the language scale.
In other words, every step of here is an order of magic in the scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with surprise creatures is something like this.
Here's something strange here.
And that's exactly going to talk about.
Please get the light.
You need more importantly, because I was writing about paper.
Why do we make technology collective in the land scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal culture where we say, these are the years, or some of the time of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to do, the diagram would see something record.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you thank you, for example, some other technology -- like transformation, in a serious culture would be very useful -- we would see a straight line.
But if it happens something like this, it's going to be a critical change.
If the technology technology will be as fast as the microscope of microscopes, we might be able to take a task and be in Tanzania in 30 seconds.
But I don't go back to that one.
There are no pressure in the history of the technology of the technological growth of a huge growth that every few years old.
The question that I want to talk to you is -- looking at these exponential creatures -- we see that they don't follow it.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes out.
It will take one of two things.
Or it's going to become a short time like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
And so we would now be in the middle of a tradition of a treatment.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask and ask you is, what is that new way that you put the world?
So what new state is disappeared to the world?
The transition seems very, very complicated if we are in it.
I remember that the future is going on in the year 200,000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been engaging -- year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to be a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take a difference and look at the long things.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
And so we went back about 25 million years of years when the Earth was a great strategy with a lot of chemicals who were coming around it.
If we look at the way that these chemical chemicals give us a idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the order with the Arabic -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, I had spent a little bit of access with all kinds of chemical challenges in their interest -- in its interest in its interest in their interesting.
So some of those red drones have a particular combination of chemicals that they made them make materials from the outside and so on.
And they began to draw it.
In a certain sense, those were the more property form of the most private forms of accessible.
But those galaxies were not living in the current sense, because every one of them would put a little bit of chemicals.
And every time that they have been able to see a discussion of the chemicals that they have.
And so every doctor was a little different.
In fact, the dogs that some of them were going to be better to the time to increase the time of the children of the circular chemists, they grew up more chemical and they were getting more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, very simple life, but the things were really interesting when these students were learned when they were learning the transportation of advance.
In some way we don't understand very well.
They learned to get information, which was the rest of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense -- a writing system that allowed them to figure out what they were so that they could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to fix it.
And the amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been able to have been able to have been starting to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have been able to have a lot of years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same writing system.
In fact, every living will be involved with exactly the same set of legs and the same code of the colleague.
And one of the things that I did only for diversity -- now we can write things with this code of this.
So here I have 100 percent of the white police that I try to get to people in the authority of the arm.
But I got this code -- I took this code -- the code has the common languages that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this front of DNA.
So if someone wants 100 million dollars of my personal face I have a lot for all of the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a hospital I would have put it in a virus and I would have seen it through the room.
What was the next here?
The DNA was an interesting step here.
This made these cells were happy three billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information and communicate information for the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can be involved by DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the research to the artists.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the oil and they were used to create their little DNA with other bacteria with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the oil because bacteria are communicate with it.
This communication gave place that they were going to be communities that in a way, they were together.
In that way they survive or they were born together, or it is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community.
And the interaction point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they were used and decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next story for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities -- communities of many different types of different cells working together as a single organisms as a single organisms of them.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin of the skin doesn't get out of the heart of the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they made more interesting levels than the cell -- something that we call an organism.
The next level happened within these community.
These were just going to be able to add information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than to process information in community.
They are the neural structure.
The neurons are the designers that make the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started feeling within the community being the responsible structures of recording, to understand and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as an individual -- the learning was connected to the distribution of an organization -- and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could be able to learn not to eat a certain force because I knew bad and the last time that the last time.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these data of information of information that has learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that were eating that face for the death of individuals that were eating that face for the fire of the individuals that they bought that face for the fire of the individuals that they were eating that
So the fact that the nervous system will build those data of information that will be able to get up the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual investment.
It could happen in the time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals found out the size of the community.
So for example, the most recent version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it is an amazing industry.
I have a very complicated idea in the head.
I'm sitting here sitting up with a little bit of groups, and you know, building a similar idea and controlled and confidence, in their heads that I have a certain analogy with it.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound -- in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organization as an organization now.
In fact, as humanity -- we've started to make antibiotics.
We now go through the similar organisms to the molecular organisms -- we are going to take out of our regions of religion and information of information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the character, the condition, the Congo, the Congo, and so -- -- -- are the specific mechanisms that we now build to make that information.
And that brings us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolved more than what we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
And you saw the evolution of English in which I produced a certain evolution with the Congress program.
And now we've taken the scale of time again.
The first stories of the story that I told them took a billion years every single one.
The next states, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language and so on.
And the next one, as electricity seems to take just a few decades ago.
The process is responding to it, I guess that alternative is the right word to name something that takes their own change.
The more you change, the faster you do.
And I think that's what we look at in this expression of the culture.
We see that the process is resistant.
But I get the life by designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to do to tell you they would not be possible without the recent distributions of recent distributions.
But now design objects of such a complex thing that would be impossible to me to tell me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transform in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of Google Mars, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to be able to be able to get much longer and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes it goes together that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that goes on in the scale of microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a piece of instruments of instruments.
We said, "Please computer -- you can run hundreds of millions of institutions in the land, to love?
You could be able to explore these institutions of institutions at the time, to take all those programs -- and take those who are going to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say that I want to add numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to reduce numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely to be a little bit likely to be a little bit of institutions of instruments, and so none of them did it.
But one of all, by the way, I could take two numbers in the right order of the right.
And I said, "Computer, you could take 10 percent of those searching services that better did the task."
We get those and we choose to the rest of it.
And now we're going to take the ones that are the best of the numbers.
And we are going to get them up with a research process to the sex of sex?
Let's take two programs -- which will make children who are going to make songs, and that children are going to have the proteins of both problems.
And so we got a new generation of the product of programs that they had a little more of success.
And we say, please.
Carge again.
And I tried a little bit of metaphors.
And I try and go back to another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few minutes.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in a few minutes, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are very perfect in a perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written at hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to take you to you to see how they work.
They are dark program.
But they get the food.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
Once I was in a 1970s with Mars Michael and he took a card and he says, "Look, this.
It says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts who work together to give up a safe sun. You don't make you feel about the sense?
We know that the engineering processes don't work very well when they become complex.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than which is the normal engineer.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster and so to be able to explore these programs much more quickly.
You know, it is released.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are represented.
We're starting.
And we are in a moment in the middle of the electronic organisms when they became multiple.
We are the fishermen, and we can't figure out what we are creating.
We are in the international point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is going to come in.
But now it comes down and I think I will stop here before they get to me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that I'm me.
And I've read the enough time to allow you to get part of my favorite pressure in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, let's talk a little bit about it.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the end.
We love the baby, right?
The book is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics there.
It's going to get the rules.
I will focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
This is called a battle.
And we talk about 300 of a bank that takes 300 dollars.
That means that the bank balloon effective, three times.
That means taking the film to the game of game without being attached -- and that any one who tried to take it to the first basis -- don't get to time, and the second thing will be started.
There are three trials of 10,
You know how to call a 300 percent in the Great Liberia."
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of the stars.
You know how to call a biology balloon.
By the way, that is someone who was about 10 children, which is about four percent.
Last Lego, like the George George Williams, the last set of the Bill Liberia in the most 400 dollars in a record time.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less including -- after what I'm going to tell you today.
They keep that they have access and they are disconnected to a surgery.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now I guess that they live in a full place and one will be wanted to have two articles and your family medical doctor is going down to a corruption whose region is 2005.
But you know something.
And she is improve this year.
And their choices have been 2010.
This is not work.
But I ask you to ask you.
What do you think is that you should be the average of the access of a correct surgeon or a serious organization, of a discussion or a film of a film of a film.
100,000 percent.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all of the medicine knows the access of a lot of a lot of a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I encourage, with the application of being perfect.
And I would never get a surgeon and try to figure out how to do well.
So that was the message that I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a common authority student here.
Again, a company in the high school said that Robert Galaxy was studying to a sea subject.
So as well.
I studied in my little design, in the research of the General hospital of Turkey, not far from here.
And I learned all of a memory.
And in my kind of analogy, he died the original and the market work, the radio of every art that comes out of the army, the different difference of the record and not soldier.
And I even knew the difference of how to fix the red advanced attack.
And as much as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good -- I got a lot of honesty.
And I read from the medicine of medicine with the president that if I measure all, then you would know all of it, or the most powerful thing to me, because this is why I was going to get out of the errors.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Department Desert.
I was researching in a college hospital here, in Turkey when they brought back to the Descer September to the service of the drugs where I was working on.
At the time I was given to the coral service of it.
And when I used to be able to be able to be able to go to a card I took that patient to that patient of that patient
And it's going to get into the restaurant of research.
When I saw the Design Descery, I was leaving.
I heard a solar sound.
And when the authority, I heard a serious sound in both side in both side, which I was going to tell me a control completely confidence.
In these conditions the heart stopped to work, and instead of looking at the blood towards it, the blood goes to the lights, and they get out of it, and that's why there is hard to respond.
And it was not hard to draw it.
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give it.
I gave him supply and medicine to send the pressure in your heart.
And I gave him distribution, and I gave it the water, so that I could be able to be left.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I bought the first surgeon, I sent her home.
In fact, I made two more.
He sent her home without talking to the restaurant of researchers.
I didn't read the phone or I did what I should have done, that I was to call my head and put it up with him so that I saw it.
And if my head would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a research that would be able to be a control of control.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients.
The second dog that I bought was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Low, it's not a good idea. Don't do it?
In fact, I was so inspired that I was asked to ask the discussion that I was going to the Design Desert, you think it's good if you go to your home?
And the discovery I thought and then he said, "Yes, I think will be okay.
I remember that as if it was there.
So it was that I went up the high -- and the advance together with the companies they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad present in the status.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the space where I was my car to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't do.
I went through the service of the way to home.
And there another disease, not that I was born from the Design Sea before, but it told me three words -- those three words that most of the drug doctors are going on.
The other species are also, but there is a practice in electricity and is that we look at the particular patients.
The three words are really recently?
"I remember the patient that I sent up to your home?
And I asked the other disease with the whole nature with it.
Well, she comes back to the same point of voice ...
She was good.
But I went back to the bottom of death people.
At the course of one time to have come back to his house, after I gave him the high -- I had a collapse and his family called the 1990s. The compassion brought it to the employees with a pressure of 50 feet of Here, which means a serious store.
And I went back and it was blue and it was blue.
It was all of the energy people all their resources.
And they gave them drugs to get the artificial pressure of it.
And they put it an artificial research.
I was constructed and started to the molecule.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were going to be in an intellectual terrorist and I hope against all hope that would be resistant.
And in the two or three days of the next few days I was going to never stop it.
I had a brain brain.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was going on.
And at the next day, they let them go. The Department Department, wife and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next weeks I came up with it and experiment for the first time the manufacturing manufacturer that there is in our medical culture and I felt just like that, without feeling that sea search because you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues -- you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues -- you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues that you can't talk
You do the paradigms and never more eat that surgeon.
It is that service that leaves a taught here.
And the wonderful sense of which I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my home? He was a financial.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I support things and make sure that I would not make me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why didn't I ask my home? Why did I send her home.
And in my worst moments -- why did you have a sort of such strange?
Why does it mean?
And I think that feeling was discovered.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, he was open up the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I put the effects to be perfect to be perfect to not eat the more mistakes -- it would be able to be able to be able to get out of those times.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the death of energy in a common hospital to the North Asia, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the garden.
And I was very expensive, and I was going on.
And he worked here.
I looked at his garden, I was a little bit clear.
He was presenting it and I sent him to his house.
But as he was given to the door that he was going to get out of his bank.
Two days later, when I came to do my chart change, my head asked me to talk to me.
And I went through the three words, you remember you?
I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the bank?
And he came back and he didn't have a strange factory.
I had a particularly moral environment called a professionals.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a information, not from the bank, but in the back of the surface, and that can be able to cause the center of those go.
He did not know.
It was angry to be anti-significant and it goes back to the few days.
And you go through the same period of sea and regimes, then I went back and come back to work, until one and again, and again.
Two times in the same period of surgeons, not discovered destruction.
And it is a big effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them I thought I had a regular calculation.
It turns out a rock of radio rocks, but it turned out, a colleagues that I was going back to the patient lost a certain feeling in the right side of the right and he called the surgery.
The other patient was with a lot of fun.
And I read a little bit of recorded and I asked my colleagues to get it.
And you get it up and to figure out a certain sense in the right side of the right, I called the surgery.
They were both left and they were resistant well.
But every single case I came in, I was starting.
But I would like to tell you that I bought the worst mistakes in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a beauty.
The most significant means have been for the last five years.
It just suggests and without support ...
And here is the problem -- if I can't read and talk about my freedoms, if I can't find the value that tells me what happens. How could I share this with my colleagues.
How do I show you this so they don't get the same services?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone to talk about factories, after factories, after factories?
And of course in a part of listening to talk about the mistakes of other doctors -- but they won't listen to someone to talk about their own freedoms.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transportation in my hospital was going to think of the wrong legs -- I think I would have hard to look at your eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total business of the transportation.
It's the system that there are two positions, the ones who are eating mistakes and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones who have we put results and the ones who have a result of the results that have stuff.
And it's almost like an indicate reaction as an anti-scale reaction that starts to go to that person.
We have the idea that if we put out of medicine to people who are going to make mistakes -- will be a safe system.
But that takes two problems.
In 20 years away from the distribution and a medical period, I've made a personal study of bad doctors and doctors to learn how possible it was possible for the first article that I wrote for the Turkey Standard to my program.
And what I learned is that experts are actually.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day in which one in 10 percent of them are wrong in the hospital are wrong -- or definition is not right -- in a system where the infectious institutions are increasingly more and more numbers, and the more numbers, to put carbon and death.
In this country, they die 24 percent of them by the protecting medical medical drugs.
The University of the United States in the U.S.
In both cases, it comes to bottom benefits, because we're not doing the problem as we should be.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is killed every two or three years old, and we don't get it.
The dream of the dream came up all of the dream of the dream in the ground.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive contents that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pain in the sky.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the sky -- it comes up with light eyes and window and all of a sudden, and suddenly my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't take their symptoms on the same way.
For all of this, the reds are incredibly incredible.
So if we take the system as they teach us, and we feed all of the professionals in the train, well, not going to be anything.
And with the way people don't want to talk about their most grandmother cases, right?
In my program.
And their students would be stopped, they would go down the head and they would turn out and they were going to be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't get the same expensive."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a recovery culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
It is human doctor is human -- you know human -- and it doesn't go out of their mistakes -- but it has been effective to learn how to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their errors.
It would be survived by other people who are not going to be able to try you, but in a love and support and support for all of them to benefit it.
And I work in a medical culture that requires human beings to give up the system, and when this happens -- they are going to make sure of time.
My name is Brazil Galaxy.
I'm a recovery medical doctor here.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot of learning something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words, I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day anything?
Do you know how much we get in a week.
And I did a little bit of a little bit more than 200 people and the average amount of choices that he says to pick up a modern Americans -- it's about 70 percent per day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a group of presents of companies.
The researchers went back to the different areas that are available by these expectations and the time that they started to make decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in the average are accomplished by 1980s.
Again, every work in a lot of ministers.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just a percent.
Now think about their choices now.
You know how many of you come to the 19 minutes, and how many of the one of one hour?
How do you get the way that you make those decisions down?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the action, to choose to the choice of choices.
I want to talk to you about the problem and a few possible solutions of it.
And as I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question -- as I am a clean, you put your hand only if you want to keep heat calculations.
In other ways, when I ask a question -- if your answer is possible by the famous they have a painting.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to talk about the problem of the choice, of conservatives.
Thank you.
And I was looking at the University of the University of the University of San, I was able to get this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated at least in that time.
It was called Descers.
It was almost like going to a couple of fun.
There was about 25 different kinds of different different kinds of shown and visiting more than 500 different kinds of freedom and services and services and about 25 of the college water -- and this was when we took water water.
I was going to go to that story, but in a scale I asked me, why never bought anything anything."
So this is the state of the climate access.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different kinds of different class -- including the ones who were in the top of the microbial trees that they were in the blood tree.
Once I decided to visit the gentleman and I asked him, "I want to get this strategy to make all these choices.
And he gave me the business full of drugs that came out every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the logos.

They had 44 different kinds of different.
So we were going to take a little bit to speak, right to the bottom of the short.
We put out there from six series of six spaces, or about 24 different shorters, and we looked at two things, first of all, where people were willing to stop the mountain."
And more people were left when there were 24, a 60 percent that when there was only six percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a lawyer of legal land.
So here we find the opposite effect here.
And the ones who were left when there was 24, only three came to buy short.
The ones who were six when there were six, we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the calculations, the people had six times more likely to buy legal if they found six -- that if they found 24 percent.
Well, to decide that we don't buy us out to us -- at least it's good to look at the line -- but it turns out that the problem of choices are made up in the really accessible decisions of us.
We decided not to decide -- even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial dark.
I'm going to tell you a study that I did with George Haiti, East Katrina and Robert Japan, where we look at the decisions on the top of a million Americans for a million Americans of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of formations are available in plants in terms of the drivers to break, the 1980s, developed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a corruption.
We had 65 planets that were going to be from two different choices that were different.
We found that the greater it was the number of distribution forms -- there was less particularly.
So if we look at the extraordinaries, we see that in the planets that make two forces, the rate rate was 70 or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the planets that are going to be about 60 percent, the rate rate rate to the personal perception.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative consequences there.
So for the ones who decided to participate -- how much more it was the number of choices -- more people were invited to avoid the action or the forces of innovation.
In the way there were more optimism, they were more willing to invest in terms of the market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we're going to take up to apply the financial wind of the future.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by getting more and more likely to get more possible.
The most likely thing is that they play the decision -- that they are still going to be in against the own interest of the interest in the interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the financial and the health.
They are more likely to pick up things less specific, even though it's going to be better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that number of majority of most of them, and you come up and shoot, but we are not able to make the cells to compare and get up and choose to make that incredible expression.
So today I want to try to give you four simple techniques that we've tried -- in a way or other, in different research -- so that they can be able to take into their business.
The first is, Court.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always supporting when I say, "Come out.
They care about losing space in the automobile.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut up, you will get rid of the strange choices -- there will be an increase in the window -- they will be a better experience in the choice.
When I went out of Gandhi Standard spending from 25 different types of HIV -- "Silicon 1950s, they saw an increase of 10 percent of them.
When the Congolic College comes up with the products for data that you can be sold in, they were acting the use in percent.
You know that the surgeons of today, in the average are about 45 products in the average of 100.
In a teacher of Washington, you get about 100 products about 100 products.
But the big neighbor has bigger in the current world is Albary and it takes only 1,000 products -- a kind of short shoes in land.
In the world of the financial days, I think that one of the best examples that have come out of how to make the choices better is the plant of David Labbas, the Harvard program.
All of the Harvard employees are anti-acceleration to a sense of life.
They really want to be able to be able to be able to be able to give them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
All of these are important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, "Let's say the differences that there are between those choices there.
And if they can't do it, you can't do it, you can be able to do their clinics.
And this later, before I started this sense, I was talking to Gandhi.
He told me that I would be willing to give you the people of this audience of this audience with all over the most beautiful car in the world.
Here, a destruction.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a support if you're ready to take the surgery of Galapago.
(Audience areas? All right.
They're not more, right?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You know that there was a transport.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually had a more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first road, which in the second, but I can go up and say they thought that the second time it was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This leads to me to the second technical to make the problem of choices that is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of each choice -- and that the consequences have to feel very life, very controlled.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use carbon cards or creature, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to get more.
We did a study with San Ben and Alexander Project, on the person of NASA -- political people who were working in NASA.
And at that meeting that we were able to do exactly as a subject, we did a little advice.
What we learned was that we used to think about the personal things that would think about the positive things that will happen in their lives if they were doing more money.
And with this mission there was an increase in the advances of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their own stores of faces, for four percent.
The third technical is Congress.
We can make a lot more expensive than opportunities us.
For example, this is a study that we did in a piece of restaurants.
We saw that in the Warring Saturns over the risk of the newspapers, the red exploration can be able to get from 340 different types to 48.
But you know?
Because the characteristic was told by how to do it.
So these are two particles of landscapes.
One is called "The "The other and the other, "The other.
If you think the left on the left is Sun, and the right of the right is Japan, they give a painting.
(Audience are some of the stations.
If you think the left on the left is Japan and the right is Sun, they have a painting.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left on the left is Japan and the right is Sun. But you know something.
This kind of characteristic is completely international.
The cards have to be able to do something like the standards, not when they define them.
And you often see this problem with those huge lines of formats.
I still are they influenced?
My fourth cardiacs, connection the complexity of it.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than we think about what we think about it just a little bit.
We have to increase the complex complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean about.
Let's look at a complex decision, the buy of a car.
This is a subject market of cars that allow them to think about it.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions are going to be in the number of choices that come out every one.
Colors, color color of the car -- I have 55 possible.
Month, change of change, four things.
So what I'm going to do is to look at the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- 50 colors to a few days, four percent.
The other half of the cells are going to go out of a little bit of choices, four cars, to 25 colors -- many of them.
And what am I going to look at it?
How many of you are.
If you can always get the bank in every decision in every decision -- this is that they are open up, or it is, we are losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from a lot of choices at the time, you can take the bank on the depth over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of things.
The only thing I did was to add the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to stop.
And even though the box of changes don't say anything about the challenges of the inside -- in all ways that we have to get out to choose us.
We have a product that we are building is that we are building that now it has more strange with the process.
In order to turn out.
I've talked about four techniques to kill the problem of consumers of choices, Court, completely straight antibiotics, constantly, to make it real -- computer, we can make more cardiac with less choices, connecting the complexity of it.
All of these techniques that I've been designed to have been designed to help the antibiotics, or better for you, to use them in their people, or for the people who are going to be.
It is that I think the key to get the best of an choice is being careful to the statement.
And the more we are in our best choices we will be able to practice the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East, if you had a writing machine.
And I had to pick up a piece of example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to break out the origins of the texts.
If you found a written with the right message you could take out of the street to the order of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, so much that it would look at the freedom of expression of it.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color company of any big market of any big market and a page -- that page will end up having a few yellow police populations in every page that make a pattern that makes them from one and their pressure.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the city.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in line we can add the attacks in the attacks.
There are three main groups.
They are circumstances.
Like Mr. Daniel General from the city of the city in King.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the cartoons to make a lot of money, income animals.
There are really a lot of millions of miles in line -- military, who make money with their attacks.
This is Virginia Santa Standard, Street.
This is Alexander Dele.
This is Stanford Washington.
This is Bertle School.
These are Mars Andrewed, Tanzania Alexander and so on. etc.
These guys are doing their forms in line, but they do it by the engineering media through the bankers to break money out of our questions when we buy in line -- or break our key to the information of our faces when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States -- two months ago -- I put it out of the surface of this year, San January, and this story had 120 million dollars when it was collective.
The Mr. Japan are supposed to go up -- you know his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be able to be visual than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be bad in worst time.
In the future, most of the creatures will happen in line.
The second group of advances in important that we look at today is not moved by the money.
There is another thing that you move them, they make the proteins, and they move them into the characteristics, they make the rational.
groups like Americans have developed in the last 12 months by getting a piece of painting on the lines in line.
Those are the three principles -- the creatures that do it for money, the hackers like Americans who do it to protect and the last group are the national state of the government.
And then we see cases like Disney Democratic.
That is a good example of accessible attack against their own cities.
It is a control of control of the World countries or actually it was.
Do you get the war the last guy because of a story.
They survived the security of the site and they lost a cartoon.
The last week I asked him, in a research with the headlines of the government government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people in the atmosphere to Darwin.
And the answer of him.
So how do people do the cause of a attack of this?
Distance is a corporate authority.
They sell corrections.
So what are the controlled conditions?
Well, you need to do if you have a website with hospitals, you know, serious services like Google.
And I guess that you put a completely strange authority.
And they are going to be able to make a lot of the characteristics.
And in the case of Distant happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Park and those things that have happened, for example, in English."
Well, in England the manufacturers came up with the head of the secret public police in 2015 and during the beginning of the building.
And I was in the painting of these paper called "The "Computer "The "Coast.
And within that cortex there was notes from a company with the sensor in Germany, that had been sold by the government government to interact with great scale in the cities of the country.
They had sold this tool for 2008, the extra government.
The rest of the company is right here.
And it is, Western governments provide tools to the total governments so that they do this to their city.
But the Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Obesion, just a couple of weeks ago, it was a couple of weeks a couple of weeks ago -- a tribe used by the U.S. government to research their own cities.
If you are such a collective case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interacting.
But today.
It takes the connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the San Singapore to influence our computer with a treatment to allow to see all the communication and listen to the discoveries in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer that the obvious answer should be a bad thing, but I don't really care about because I'm a honest city.
Why would I worry about that?
I don't have anything to have?
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It is in play.
Production is not discovered.
It's not a matter of the private against the security against the security together.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could think about our governments today in 2007, any right that we are going to do today, it will be forever.
We're going to think about anything in any future government in a supply that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya.
These are the values of my dad -- in the bottom and behind the values, the National park of the Nation.
The National park of National has no close in the most part of the car, which means that it means satellite animals as the bones are going out of the park.
And decisions, like the laws -- you know, and this is what they do.
You kill our garden.
This is one of the ones who killed on the night, and so soon we took it in the morning, and we found it a dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only task that we have.
My community.
So I grew up with a lot of leaders.
They die them together that protect our community.
And so they kill laws here.
This is one of the six laws that killed in National.
I think that's why there are so few in the National park of the Nation.
A child in my community, in the age of nine to the nine years, is responsible to his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fish, because I thought that the laws were afraid to you.
But I realized that actually this doesn't feel -- because I even helped the laws to look at the legs of the far.
I didn't remember me.
A second idea was to use a statements.
I tried to go to the laws so that they thought it was close to it.
But the laws are very intelligent --  they came the first day and they saw the spinals, and they were like, but the second day, they went back and they said, this thing doesn't move and said, this thing is always here.  So they went up and put animals up here.  And so they went up and put animals up here.  So they went up and
So one night I was walking around the space with a card and that day the laws didn't come in.
I discovered that the laws have fear to the light that you move up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a story that I was going to learn and take the lights out.
And this is a little line of a rock line.
It was all right.
And as you can see, the solar skin is going out of the battery and the bank of the electricity to the little engineering box -- I call it a transformation.
And the key box makes the lights go down.
As you can see, the blogs are going into the outside because that's where the laws come from.
And this is how you see it when you look at it.
The lights go up and go to the laws to think that I'm walking through the status, but I am dealing with my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with legs.
And the houses of the window are the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother here.
And she had killed a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
You put them up. You can see in the bottom -- these are the lights for laws here.
Since then, I've been invented in seven house in my community and they're getting a lot of it.
And my idea is also used right now all over it, to take some of the other challenges like homes, legs, and it's also used to be used to be able to be straightforward of the farmers.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a bar in one of the best schools of Kenya.
My new school now is help to get out and consider them.
I even took my friends to my community and we invented lights in the house that they don't have, and I taught you how to put it.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the prisoners of the knew that I was going through my father, and I used to be able to see anger, and he said that some day would be within one.
And today.
I got the opportunity to come on the first time to TED.
And my great dream is to get to be an engineering of advance and pilot when I grow up.
I used to go to the laws -- but now as my invention is moving up to the vaccines of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without any conflict.
This is what I think in my language, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So I got a ball. Richard Turkey? Yeah.
CA: You are working in other electrical institutions.
What's the next in your list."
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical close -- CA: A cloud, an electricity.
RB: I know that they already invented the electric careers, but I want to do the thing.
CA: So you try it once again, right?
We are going to act in every step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "I didn't send anything."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of John Seattle, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America -- Japan Asian is the engineers.
Even though I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend my whole life in North America, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public expectation.
But I thought that my life in North North was normal in North America.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom came home to a colleague of my sister of my sister of my sister here.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two weeks later.
We are recorded together in the car, and our bodies are so useful that we're going to be presented to die to death."
I was very additionally.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking in front of the train state, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory here.
A woman without life was dead on the street -- I used a little child in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about getting themselves and their family.
A huge human arms to North America in the United States.
At the end, more than a million Americans died during the humanity and just a few of them they were going to get a failure, insects of tree and trees of trees.
They were also made more and more freely and most of the energy, all of my around was completely dark at night at night by the lights of the sea in China.
I always asked myself why they had light.
This is a picture of North North in the night in the night in the night.
This is the American Rio, which is self-straight between North North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very strange in certain dots -- allow us to be able to grow service.
But many of them die.
Sometimes I look at your body.
I can't remember the details of how I came from North North North from North North -- but I can only say that for the years, I was sent to China to live with the legal parts.
But I just thought it would be sitting from my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be.
But soon I learned that it's not just very difficult -- but it's also dangerous -- because the normal researchers in China.
And so I was living with a common fear that my identity was recovered, and it would be represented to a hard discussion of it in North North North North North Africa.
One day, my worst pile was made really, when I went up with the Chinese police and I was interested in the public state.
Some of them had been able to be normal, then I ended up my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was afraid.
I thought my heart.
If it doesn't seem natural -- it could be a straight and depression.
I thought my life.
But I got to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the interview an office said to it, this was a favorite research. She's not normal.
And they let me go. It was a microscope.
Some of them in China are looking at analysis in the strange bottom.
But many of them can be arrested by Chinese public and depression.
These women had a lot of fun.
Even though they had changed them, they were eventually liberated after an international pressure of an international pressure.
And these numbers did not have so much.
Every year, you know, non-profits are changed in China and development to North America, where they are.
Even though I was forced in spending, a lot of other numbers have not had so much.
It is transparency that the nerves have to make their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after you learn a new language and find work -- all his world can be used in a time.
This is why after 10 years of putting my identity -- I decided to go back to Carol from the South Asia, I decided to go back to Carolina.
And I started a new life again.
And I'm going to focus on the United States.
The English was very important in South America, I had to start learning my third language.
also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and Sun.
We are all corrective, but in the inside we've got to be very different because of 65 years of distribution.
Even you go through an identity of identity of life.
I'm surgery or normal?
Where am I doing? Who am I doing?
As soon as there was no country that I could call it with me.
And even though I put up to life in South America was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the except of income to the universe.
Just when I started moving up to my new life, I got a call called the cardia.
And the North North North North interviews some money that I sent to my family -- and as a career, my family was going to be developed to the force to the force of the water.
They had to run out of immediate
And so I started to plan how to help them go out.
The nerves have to travel long data on the way to the freedom to the freedom to the freedom to the line.
It's almost impossible to bring the face between North North and Carl Court.
So increasingly, I took a fly to China and I went up to the face with the North North North North America.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese -- I had to get them, in one way, for more than three thousand miles through China and then through the back of the Asia.
The journey in the car took a week -- and we almost went through several times.
Once our car was stop and applying by an office of the Chinese policy.
I was asked by all of all, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be an architecture.
When the Chinese office came back to my family -- I went out of me and I told him that they were surprised people who was addressed.
And I looked at it such as I looked at me but unfortunately, I believe me.
We did all the way up to the face of Lands.
But I had to spend almost a whole lot of money to support the favorite banks in Laws.
But even after you go out of the floor, my family was restricting and completely completely completely the fire of the increased floor.
After you put a lot of managers and substances, my family.
But at the time, my family was restricting and the agenda again.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did all of my family. And we were so close to my family -- but my family was represented in the front of the bottom of the Sun Carolina of the Sun.
I went and I came in between the invention of immune and the police state of the police and the police of the police transportation.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more survival or multiple.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man to say, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a discovery would care about question.
And with my poor English and with a distribution, I explained the situation -- and yet the man went to the car card, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and to get them out of prisoners.
I read with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why did I help me?
I'm not helping you.
I'm helping the new people?
I realized that that was a simple moment in my life.
The care substance substances a new hope for me and for the normal people.
And I showed me that the benefits of the discoveries and the support of the international community are actually the rains of hope.
With the time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in North Asia, we were going to get rid of the U.S.
But to make your freedom it's only half of the battery.
A lot of norms are serious of their families and when they go back to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education.
We can also act as a person between people in North North and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us we got in contact with family families -- and we take information and money and money that is helping us change North North from it.
I have been a lot of help, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help us give you a chance to try with international support with an international support of it.
I'm sure they are going to see more and more normal transportation around the world, including in the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Congress County.
This is City Sun, standards -- fast food.
So the plants of the city came up and they thought, we're going to change the name of center Carling so that it represents something else, so they changed it to the Australians Asia, as if this will actually be wrong in the city.
So this is the Australian Angeles.  You know, freedom food food -- farmers farmers.
And as it was 24 million other Americans -- living in a food of food -- the Angeles Center Stephen, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people in the car in the car.
People are dying from heart diseases in the United States.
For example, the rate rate in my window is five times greater than say, "Let's say Bill Hulls, which is like 15 miles of distinction.
I was able to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how would you feel if they didn't have access to food food, and if every time you go out of home you see the effects that the current food system has in their sensor?
I look at streets of room compared and sold as cars used as cars use.
I see centers of diagrams like Sandah.
And I think this has to stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I have already been able to spend 45 minutes of life, and it comes back to buy a supply that doesn't have stations.
And what I did was to plan a food of food in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a back.
It's about 45 feet a thousand me.
The point is, it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come on in win because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Led Grandmother, and we started to plan our forest of food.
What we do, we are kind of a group of groups that are made by the companies of all the proteins, from all the city and completely valuable, and everything we do is free.
And the lab, I was beautiful.
And then somebody gets on.
The city is right to me, and I was just given me a content saying that I had to remember my back, the city was made by regional order.
And I said to me, let's go in it?
So a regional order to plan food in a piece of land that no one important?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, let's get it.
Because this time was not going to happen.
Lister. Times had the story written by Steve Leaders, and I talked to the content and one of the members of Green Grandmothers, who put a piece in Charles, with 600 percent, we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My mom even called to say that they were going up and they knew what we were doing.
I mean, why not? Why not?
Lester. It's the United States in the U.S.
It has 48 miles of the blood terrorists.
That equivalent to 20 Centers Park.
That is enough space to plan 65 million plants of taking them.
Why don't you look like this?
It turns out a plan to give a few thousand minutes.
When a dollar of hello will give you 75 dollars of results.
This is my humanity, when I tell people to people, you grow your own food.
It turns out your own food is like to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Center Sun.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I'm going to be part of this real reality that was married to me for others, and I'm going to kill my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The back is my graph, my art.
So as a professional architecture -- that I get areas, I have a blood boxes, sheets.
I use the land, the land as a piece of legacy, and the plants and the trees and the trees.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do. If you leave it to be your own.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a ball and how they affect people.
What happened?
I am a little bit of how my husband became a tool of education -- of my sea transformation.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the land.
We are the Earth.
And they would be surprised to see how they affect the kids.
The base is the most terrible and the protection that you can do, especially in a room.
Also, they get fragile.
I remember a care -- who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1980s, and they were in my back, and they were going to be very approaching.
I, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street.
I felt sent by looking at people who was so close to me, and this is just the way I do this, people ask me, "Look, you don't think people are going to break your food.
So I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you go to ready?
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to challenge your health.
There was another access in which I put a rain in a record in the center of the Angeles at the center of the Angeles.
They were these guys who were helping me drive the way.
It was fantastic. I was shared by his stories about how it had done it and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and it was easy to see how it changed it, so it was just for a moment.
This is how Google Grandmother has come up with maybe 20 things.
We have had about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all in the volunteer plan -- they are going to be able to work on it.
If the kids grow with it, the kids will eat with it.
If you take them up, they will eat them.  But if none of this will be taught you, if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body -- they eat cells what they put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are able to come in, I see kinds of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the back, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are going to get out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who do you know?
Maybe the next George George Carliens.
But if we don't change the compassion of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants. This is something I want to do.
I want to put a whole card of the backs, where people can share food in the same face.
I want to take you up and turn it into the healthy capital.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it is not supported.
And the course of the sustainability, is that you have to show it.
So what I'm talking about is to work to people, to take the kids out of the street -- that you know the card, the production and the honor of creating their own food -- by doing their own food.
So what I want to do here, we have to make it sex.
I want you all to become the electronic regiments, business, recording statements.
We have to change the rate of what's a break.
If you're not a bank, you're not a store.
So the women are taking your street on the OK?
And that is your own choice of choice that is it.
In the way, if you want to stay with me, well, if you want to look at me, they don't call me if you want to sit in the common sides and have resources to talk about doing some member -- to talk about doing some mortality.
If you want to look at it, they come to the box with their screen so we can plan something.
Paradigm. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Museum --   (Mortalian microbes.   probably all of them will agree with me where this is a very nice car.
It's made of short, and the cartoon is a good material to drive up, but not always in the days as today, where it gets a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the size that I should be saving.
And especially if you go out in your biological and these cars happen -- that's not very negative.
In fact, the short can do a lot of road.
It's a record material and if we build cartoons, like in the countries -- very close to cities -- we want to be a simple career.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
The principle participation, a material that we use now in most of the cars of the Carolina countries -- and the water can happen through it, so the whole water water will flow up to the side and have a road why it's easy to drive up, and they will not save water.
The noise is also going to get up in these parts.
Because it's a lot of strange, all the road is going to go out, so it's a very simple career.
It also has statements, of course, and the destruction of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to do it? You see that in this room the surfaces of the surface are going out.
So first of all, then a few more and more and more and more and more, and then -- and then I won't do that.  But they can give them their paralysis, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create banks with that.
there. It's ready here.
You know, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day is in this materials.
It's a perfect spin, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the paradox.
You know, because of the transportation, to the Albary, to the exception, this beautiful, this beautiful, the performance between the risks, and if you figure out, you will be manipulated and it will be managed to be managed to be self-straightforward. and it would be served from the arms.
So if you go through the career, they will take the grassroots -- as we see it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of the massive materials.
If we can make this material that is addressed, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to be used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to forget strangers, and we can cut the land on very small tricks, and we can kill those little trips with the baby.
So we have a little bit of a little bit of a step on it.
Then you need a machine like what you see here, that you use that you use to control -- a computer machine.
The industry can reach it, especially the step, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to get out the subject, and it will be able to get the bank, the beauty will flow through these microscopes and the legs will look back to the surface.
Now I use a microscope of microscopes, because I can't bring the great data up here to the stage.
The microscope is a similar system.
I put the show -- I'm going to take you to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine.
We tried a lot of show up there, and then the government, you really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it, we have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of cartoon, 400 feet from the Audience attack, where we had to make a piece of trial to test this materials.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the career, and then of course, this cartoon will spend several years without any day -- that's what we know about practice --
We take a lot of shows of this face and we tried them in the lab.
We made the statistics, we put a lot of carbon in them, we put them back then with our computer machine.
We can remember this many times.
Well, in fact, I can tell you that we've made a material using a matter of here, including these fishing, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the face -- even they can save the life of the surface.
And now, of course, they have a short of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty bad.
In fact, you have to find first before I can show you how it looks like.
But I'm going to do an attempt to do.
Let's look at it. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to Bill New York in his little graduate radio radio.
I had a big series in his face that was an unusual in those time, because the news is usually depressed.
"The talks were started." I brought my father up.
I didn't know what it meant but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now, you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning that will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years when the talks were left from Afghanistan.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to pick up to my biggest sister that I couldn't be used to go out to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to be able to make them.
Every day, we had a different role so that nobody could support where we were going to.
We had to take the books in the market of the market so that we would look like we were going to buy it.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us.
It was nice in the invention, but it's extremely central at all.
We all knew that we were reduced by our lives, the teacher and our parents and our parents.
In the time when the school was covered by a week.
We always asked us what they knew about us.
We were sure?
Did you know where we live.
We were adding up, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was available and the kids a teacher.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
So a total conference of an restaurant production of Afghanistan. And I went in that his daughter -- my mother went to school, and so his father did it.
But my mother has been starting to be strange.
This is it.
It will be about two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our sea.
And my father, this is, it was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education, even their children, even though they went out of the banks, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to education.
For the years, I remember that there was moments in which I was very ready for our life, and I was always supporting and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "You know, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money. They can stop your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to be considered?
I have 25 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by a decade of war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the garden, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here to make it proud in Monterey College.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was surprised from his home for the value of education.
He doesn't only go out of my college television, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman -- that I bring it up by the streets of Kangaria.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
That's why I am the global advantage of 1950, a global campaign to education.
That's why I put Audience: the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risk for the girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the force of being able to apply the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the most of them, and you go through them, and even in front of the anti-scale option.
Like Alex. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face but Alexander is the father of one of my students.
It makes less than a month ago, and his daughter was going from the way out of AIDS to his village -- and literally they were able to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get back to his house, they are the phone -- a voice came up with me that if you keep sitting to his daughter to school, they will come back to it.
"Stop already, if you want, he said, "But I would not give the future of my daughter for his old ideas?
What I've given me from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is really forget in the West -- is that behind most of the people who are transformed, there's a father that I remember the value of his daughter and that you see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are the very first conditions of the future of their children, but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
You know, the girls who went to school to tell us in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find the Americans see the factory of change.
And I fear that these changes are not going to be a lot, after the rest of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and his parents who are addressed by them, that I see the analogy and the advanced future and a deep change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope. And every day, and every day.
Like me, they go in a big.
Thank you.
I've never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the expensive, "Hardwood, restored Gandhi. Find against it.
But you have never become a record the Galaxy.
They have spent almost two years since it has been able to be inspired by the characteristic of the massive molecules that are so much of the technical revolution as the support.
A force with a lot of other biological citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day and make a revolution.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
women.
You have shown a value to be able to face the distribution of Galaxy.
You have shown a great sense of sound from the Earth -- to the supply, to the sun.
Finally, after a six months of six months of series and a little bit of about 50 dollars -- we got to clean our country and turn into the turn.
And yet Gandhi left a little bit of a corruption, a short landscape, short and sea sensors.
For four decades, the typical regime of Galeval developed the infrastructure -- the culture and the moral structure.
And I think of the democracy and the challenges -- I want to have a lot of other women, to recognize the civil civil society.
They went up about 200 organizations in Ben during the day -- and immediately after the Galaxy of the Galentine.
After a 30 years of exploration, I went back to Liberia, and with a single signal -- I began to organize tablets about the developing development development and level of line.
And with an incredible group of women we were looking at the Plant of women who were London Parkinson's movement by Police, a movement of women -- leaders -- so that we have a very different and a lot of information of the woman and by our right.
I found a very difficult environment in the private period -- an environment that was increasingly positive, which is moved from the political policy and exception.
In time, our interaction was put up and successful.
The women were born by 18 percent of the National control in the first 50 years.
And yet, just a little bit, the effort of the choices and the revolution as a all, they were definitely, all the days we found of violence news.
One day we set up with the news of the ancient metaphor of the ancient metals and the subjective topics.
And another day I went up with the news of the American and the attack of the American and the attack of the control.
And another day we gave up with the news of the access of the army season.
And every day, every day we set up with the government of military and their political rights of the human rights of the proteins and their lack of rest of the laws of the laws of the law and their lack of response.
Our society is made by a revolution of revolution -- and it has gone more, and it has gone out of ideas and principles of freedom -- disconnected, social justice -- that we had the beginning.
The increase, the exponential and the blood became the contexts of the revolution.
I'm not here today in order to inspired you with our story of the success of the common subject of the creature of the creature.
All right, I'm here today to trust you that we are, as a nation -- we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong decision to it.
We don't play well.
Because the choices did not bring the peace and security and security to Liberia.
The crazy list and the alternative between catalogic and citizens brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened?
Why do our society still goes out and disappearing with political political policy and exploration, so much for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the female values of compassion and media and even even environment.
Our society needs the national distance and the creation of more than what the choice needed to, which only represent the policy and the distribution.
Our nation needs the political represent of how much they need to need the number of number and quantum of it.
We need to stop being able to be able to act and call the days of the way.
We need to start to act as a companies of compassion and a media.
We have to develop a female discovery, which not only holds, but also put in practice in the place in the place in the place, the collection instead of the company, the including instead of exploration.
These are the ideal that a Liberia, destroyed by the war -- you need to be destroying with the end of taking the peace out.
Because the peace has a advice that comes to the interesting and the alternative between the fundamental perspective.
That is the real crisis.
We need to take out that in a successful way before we do it in a particular way.
I remember with a sea Council of Charles "Take Park, is the word of God medical, company."
At the time, the word "The word is known in all of the hardware treatment.
And so, just like the third covered completely the emission, that I grew up within the distribution of the complicated compassion of the whole experience of the whole experience.
This is how you say to us all the things.
This is how you say to us, "My favorite missing about my washing."
And that all of them are given to the thank you for the medical design.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a control question, which has a very strange answer to it.
This is about the sequence of the distributed violence, and the question I'm going to do is that they all do that all of them do -- why is she going to get it?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who was put it?
I'm not private, and I'm not a social work, and it doesn't experience in a digital violence in it.
I'm just a woman with a story that will tell you.
I was 25 years old. I just looked at the University of Harry.
I had moved to New York for my first work like writing and education in the Sea Research.
I had my first approach, my first green region Arab American, and he had a very big secret one.
My secret was that many, many times the man -- that I created my blood shell, I put my head up with the head with a piece, which is collected with storyteller balls.
The man, when I looked more than nobody in this world, I put a picture in my head and the time with the more times I can remember that I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "Look at the history of "Life, a political transportation, which is discovered of love -- where every year of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a sense of the distributed violence of the distribution.
I am a little bit of the University of Harvard University and I have a MRI in Mars of the World Basis British.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the list "The Japanese Jesus, between them John "John, and John Barty and The Washington Washington.
I have almost 20 years ago with my second short, and we have three children.
And my dog is a black work and I set up a monoger Hole Hollywood.
So my first message for you is that democratic violence can happen to anyone -- all the reasons, all of the religions, all of the religions and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that the digital violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly problem.
More than 45 percent of the markets are men -- and the decline is only going on in the career relationships and interviews and so on.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who would put him, and in fact I was a very typical vision because of my age to my age.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States, the women in the United States and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be visual violence than the other arms, and more than 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year in the United States.
I was also a typical violence, because I didn't know anything about the distributed violence and their speeds of advanced or their patterns or their patterns of it.
I met myself in a flow and nine night night.
I was sitting to my side at the New York City.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been able to get from a University of the Line Leadership and I was working in a very important bank of Richard Street.
But what I think about in that first found was that it was ready and fun. And it seemed like a kid of the field.
I had a lot of big markets like sheep, and a bank book service, and it seemed so slowly.
One of the most intelligent things that he did is, from the beginning, it was to create the illusion that I was the commercial behavior of the part.
He did it all over the beginning to put it on a start.
We started going out and I loved all of me, who was ready -- that I had gone to Harry, that I was going to be able to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my infinite, my dreams and inventions.
As I believe in me, as I write and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the lights in that school and the work in World Francisco and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first step in any digital violence relationship is to be able to be able to do and make the vision.
And I didn't know that the second step is to take it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and leave the work of my dreams but I thought I had to do surprises for your partner, so I went up, I left my work and Congo and I went together from Mars.
I had no idea that I was walking on a love love, which was coming out of head in a physical transportation, financial and political politics.
The next step in the pattern of digital violence is to put the amount of violence to look at how it comes to it.
And this is where they go into the stage of those plastics.
And in the time we moved to New York you know, that place where it was supposed to feel so sure it would feel so sure it was going to make three plants.
One was in the car of the car.
The other one was going down on the bottom in our bed and the third always in your bank.
And he said that I needed those piles at the course of the transportation that I lived with a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those plants actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read my hand, my life was already in a dangerous serious every day.
The first physical attention of Congo happened five days before our bone.
It was seven of the morning, and I still had a come up with it.
Five days later, when I was 10 years away from my body had been disappearing, I put my mother out of my mother and I moved with him.
Even though I had happened, I was sure that we would live happy for always because I loved him and he also wanted to get a lot of it.
And I was very, very restored.
It just had been very supported by the bone, and by the fact that you can form a family with me.
It had been a straight access and I would never make me go.
So I spent two times more in our own.
The first time I was driving up to a secret space and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I robot a few times against the car.
And then a couple of days later, I set back back from our mountain class, and he was taken by the traffic and I was going to take a Big Mars from the face.
As I went up with a performance or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our male.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is kind of visual violence or access at some time of their life, and the control of control of control of the information that every year of the year of the year is managed, 15 million children are married.
So actually, I had a very good company.
I go back to my question, why did I get me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was working from me.
At the end, I was a very strong woman -- I was looking at a perfect man, and it was the only person in the world that could help continue to deal with his devices.
The other question that everybody does is, why is it simply not the market?
Why didn't I do it? I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the most expensive question that makes people, because we are, we know, we know something that normally you invented -- it's incredibly dangerous to get a market.
Because the last step in the paper pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the subjects in the case of distribution is going on.
The other researchers including the personal car, even after the open has come back to harm, demonstration of financial resources.
And we still continue to ask why you simply don't get it?
I was able to go back to one last stage that I came up with my business.
I realized that the man who looked so much, I would have killed if you had been allowed it.
So I went back to the simple.
I told everybody around the world, to the police to my friends, to my friends and family -- and I am here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to support the animals as the strange stores, the working women -- you know.
The question is, "Why is it?
For some people in a way to say "The collapse is the way it is because if we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stop men who want to stop them.
But since I published "Love "Love, I've heard a lot of stories of men and women who were also supposed to be able to have an extraordinary lesson of what happened to you and they were making their lives live and happy and happy lives and mothers and materials, completely free books of violence -- like it.
Because it turns out that I really am a vision and a sense of very typical violence.
I went home with a young man and the top and we have those three children.
I have that black baby and also that motivation.
What I'm not going to go back to have any more, but it's a little bit of called my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this moment, they are thinking about it, "The thing is fascinated.  "They say, "What does it look like. But all this time I have been talking about you.
I make sure there are a few people, which you're listening to me right now, that they're being married or that they were a little bit of them or they are open themselves.
The market could be affect his daughter to his brother to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my particular love.
And I'm doing it today.
It's my way to help other violence, and it's my last piece to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The child is only in the sky.
They have the power to end up with the digital violence just taking light on it.
We need all the world.
We need each one of you to understand the secret of the distribution of the distribution.
They take the market to the light talking about it with their children, their own work, their friends and family.
It represents their vision of the sexual people like fantastic people who have a fundamental future.
Do you recognize the early seasons of violence to be able to try and find their scale and show the animals a safe room.
So we can make our faces, our members and our families in the top and the particles that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Robert Robert, and since a time, I'm model.
To be presentations, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a terrible teeth in the room because it shouldn't have been seen like this.  And by the way, I've been able to change.
This is the first carbon change in a TED. So you have a lot of lucky to introduce it, I think.
So if some of the women were harvested when it came out, they don't have to tell me now, but I would find it later in Twitter at TED.
I also want to suggest that I have the product of power to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very incredible, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go up with the head of the head, because it's when they're going to go back from me, so they don't do anything while I cut your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It has been approaching.
Well, I hope it's not as much as this picture.
The education is powerful -- but also surface too.
I've changed completely what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a name in real life.
I was completely incredible and the photograph told me that I would take the street and get the head of the child.
Of course, it goes up with surgery or an artificial brain like the one that made me two days ago for work -- there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, even though surface and instant, it has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it's going to be valuable to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice woman and white sense, and in my local sector -- that is to be a serious girl -- that is to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in the way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a capital I discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because I won the genetic line, and I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're asking what this show is.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only define the beauty as a health and survival, which we are biological to come in, we also have been associated to a high and survival film, and a white piece.
And that is my hero, I know that I've ever been able to be able to take a lot of money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now showing up, and maybe there are a few years of the way they say -- Star. There are Nanothera, San, John Simps, Lincoln Sickets.
First of all, the happiness to know so much about models -- it's amazing.
But I really have to make it to you that in 2007, a student of the University of the University of New York City.
The next question that people are always doing is, could it be model when it is it?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what really would tell each one of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States -- or the invention of the next Internet, or a little bit of the back and the paradigm of the paradigm -- which would be amazing.
If after this special list -- they still start, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I tell you, I know my card.
Because I'm not going to go out of nothing -- and you could be the record of the research of the American Revolution or the African depth of HIV, or the next Steve Stanford Men.
I would say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the line when you are bigger as you are.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a job you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the dark surgery.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, once you have ever looked at your students, and you have a corruption and a lot of work to your speeds, no matter what you say -- I mean, if you say you want to be president of the United States for 10 years, the people will look at it for 10 years, people will look at it for 10 years, people will look at it for 10
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are represented.
And yes, they are basically represented all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my person.
I know we are going into the personal land, but it was a child.
This is how I put together a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a park of a few days before the pictures for the French Valley.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the back.
And this is me in the action.
And I hope that you realize that I'm not me in those pictures of them.
They are creative from a group of professionals, police, mathematics, photographs and statistics, and all their help and people in front of it, and they have to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get free things.
I have too much terrorists of 20 times and that I never use -- except the couple -- but the private that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a shore, and I went up to take money, and they gave me the free service.
When I was a television, I traveled with my friend that was a control police, and he took a service in red and of course, and of course, they were going to get it up and go up to be able to be able to keep dealing.
And I enjoy these practice for my aspect -- not for what I am -- and there are people who are putting a price for their point without matter who they are.
I live in New York -- and last year -- in the last year of the ones that are going to go and record, 86 percent of them were black and sheets, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1870, young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
And of how many times I am going to pay me?
When I was going to research for this talk, I found out that at 15 percent of the 1980s in the United States in the United States you don't like his body, and that looks like 95 percent to 18.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model.
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more defensed and you have the most deal with you, you feel very happy and standing.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also incredible power to work with creative people, engineers and anti-acceleration.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say from the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm inspiring.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a little bit of a little better and the most brilliant head, it will be more happy.
They just have to get up with a group of models because they have the most decade legs -- the most brilliant chart and the more back to the way, but they probably are the most important women on the planet.
But about everything it was hard to look at a material of radical ability and gender when I am one of the most benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image of the picture that we have about success and fraction.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the most enough enough to support a camera -- but today I want to share with you about 15 times more likely -- and I didn't have me who I did.
There were no article diseases, no supply or supply or opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a car care in the instrument.
In fact, most of them were going to take them into the land.
My story starts when you find in the city of New York to give a population, my wife gave me this picture by my daughter in the day of his first charts in the day of his first and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third strategy of my day, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York in a favorite journey and containe the robotics?
This is when we started to ask the terrorists that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the rest of taking the camera to a completely discovered is so universe.
No one has been black and unfortunately, no one has had the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of us would change this journey of this journey.
It became something special for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 1990, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened.
These pictures are a lot more than a little bit more than a little bit of a short moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week in a week and make sure of our time and our evolution over the years, and not only in physical level, but in all of the sense.
Because even though we always take the same picture of it, our daughter changes -- my daughter came up with new homes, and I can see life through their eyes and how I think and interact with everything.
That time in concept that we spend together is something that we hope with invisible all the year.
And I remember in one of the travel -- we were walking up, when it comes up, it was starting in a little bit of a red standard of the state of the standard that I was going out of a little bit of single visions.
And I was described what I had felt about five years in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to be able to see that place to see that place for the first time.
And now what you look at in New York is college because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the remember of the research.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the idea of research in the conservation understanding of it.
I don't know about you, but I don't know about these 15 pictures -- I don't get in many of the families of the family.
I am always the picture.
Now I want to send you to all of them in the picture, and they don't know how to go to someone and ask you, you get a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The business is in the most extreme groups.
First of all, why do they have so bad press."
It has also been associated with Design risk as a mental characters like mental characters as well.
More recently, if you have been following the pressure bear and adults and advances these are the attacks that are associated with the Google Parkinson's Parkinson's benefits.
I don't know. You know why.
Because the media members don't keep the environment.  The paradigms are not helping to prevent the disease.
And they are more looking at it.      And they are far away from extraordinary.  And my favorite farmers, they have better pressure --   -- there are two kinds of nice on this planet.
There are the New world of the New world that they are mostly in the United States, like the colleagues and the cards and the corrections of the old world, where we have 16 species.
So why are you going to be important? First of all, they have a lot of virtual political services -- Liberia.
They are our natural based roots.
And I read the cards up to the bones to it.
They help to kill all of the bacteria -- they help us open the trial that it will not be for them to get out and cause large loss of garden and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no business, the cards take three to four times more time in destroying it, and this has huge reasons in the disease.
They also have a huge story.
They have been associated to the ancient culture.
Barrier was the sounds of the project and the material and the material with the course, they were supporting the unit between the Albary and the English Brown.
In the Harry microscope, he was the bone God, and I went back his life to save the Dialone Singapore of the 19th head of the 1970s.
In the bank culture -- they are very important to be very important in places -- in places like Titanic -- there is no place to go to death -- or movement to create them, so these guys are going to be a system of natural electronic system.
What's the problem with the benefits?
We have eight species of nice in Kenya -- which six are at the end of an extraordinary exception.
The reason is that they're being angry, and the reason they are being involved is because there are conflict between humans and factory. Companies are using this video against depressions, and as a concept -- the businesses are vision of this.
In the South Asia, in countries like India and Palestinians, four species of bacteria are in the critical list of extraordinary, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago, and the reason is because the reason is because it has been translated with the control of garden that has been treated with an animal destination like Disability.
This drug has been protected to use in India in India and have taken a passion.
Because there is no business, there has been a protection in the number of streets in the landscape of cardiac peaces, and when you have a street books, you have a huge amount of time for radio -- and the number of radio cases has become huge in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the most chemical parts in Africa, 360 architects are going to be around the Lab Lab.
I am not against the food energy, but we have to work with governments because they are going to do this to the boxes. They cut them for half of it.
They are transportation transportation.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible computer of dead distributions to look at the brook and the factory market.
So what are you doing it? Well, we are involved by these birds -- we are putting them out.
We're trying to determine their basic economy and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so they will focus on a problem literally isn't going to be able to get out of anything.
We have to work with governments in the religious level.
We're working with local community.
We are talking to them about the benefits of the benefits, about the need to make these wonderful creatures and the services that they have.
How can you help you, it can be able to go back, and they can be reduced. You can write a letter to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very creative creatures.
When they came out of this room, they will be interested on the bones, but they talk to their families with their children, with their kids on the bottom.
They are very extraordinary. Charles David said that it changed the character because I saw them to fly out of effective -- no power of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do is -- my life -- has been metal for seven years of work during me in Africa.
From 1998 to 1998. You get young -- but I'm not I --  I worked in Zala, Kenya.
I worked for an American NGO, and every project that we started in Africa.
And I was purpose.
And I thought, at the age of 21, we were a good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything that we did is we did it.
Our first project, which I inspired my first book, "The "Computer of the Zumphand, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zaran to create food.
So we came out with signal standards at the South York to this absolutely amazing value that goes down to the Roman Root, and we teach the local to the local tasks and computers, and and and and and shell and and share and and and go and and on.
Of course, people were not at all.
But instead of asking you how it was possible to be possible -- we just said, thanks to God that we're here.  Just time to save the people of Zaran of the head?
And of course, everything in Africa is cracked on it.
We got these markets to take them up with it -- in India, a taste to grow this size to this size of this size at this size at all.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the analogy, you see how easy is the adult.
When they were going to be good and markets and risks, in the night at the morning at the morning of the morning.
And the changes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a clothes here.  "Why didn't they tell it?
And I thought that we only put the arms in Africa in Africa, but then I saw what the American Americans did -- what they were doing the English, and then you can see what they were doing, and then to see what they were doing.
Because as you see, at least we feed we find them.
You would have to see the designers --  you would have to see the destructions that we're going to take them to people in Africa.
You want to read a book, he read "Me Dele Deltable, of Darwin Montana engineering.
The book was published in 2010, the book.
We can be able to be able to be able to put the African control two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money has changed.
Just read your book.
And it takes part of an African woman -- the day we've done.
The Western are importantly, and we treat the people just about two ways -- or we are paralyzed.
The two words come from the room that is the room that means "Paradox?
However, they mean two different things.
Parkinson's transportation, I treat any different culture as if you were my children.
Paradox, I deal with all of a different culture as if you were my sensors.
So the white in Africa are called "The "Computer.
That book gave me a business on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful -- I write by Stanford, who said because of all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- slides alone.
This should be the first beginning of the help.
The first beginning of the help is to answer it.
This morning, the woman who opened this conference put a lot on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that's not benefite?
I decided at the age of 25 years to answer people, and I invented a system called Francisco Companies where you have never gone in, you have ever moved to anyone -- but it becomes a sense of the local passion -- the feeling of the local participants who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It is street.
Janes came to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the line.
We don't work from the office.
We went back in a card. We went back in a bar.
We have a little infrastructure here.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give them an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them to find knowledge because nobody in the world can have success.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is available to.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for once we hear them -- but not in the community.
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with the community.
The electrons have never come in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have been invented.
So the plastic has this blind point.
The most intelligent people in their community, you don't even know it, because they don't get to their public researchers.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The teacher is the family of the company, the family of the business -- which comes up with you.
And I started this as a test in Stephen, city in the Western America.
I was doing a doctor at that time, trying to get out of this bank content where we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in a market, and the government came to me to see to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I have something very, very difficult to do.
And I came up and hear it --  --  --     So the government says, "Go in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from alone.
Penning Department, one of the most large set of the history of history -- it was made by 99, a few years ago.
Penning Department was a photograph of photographs before you send in the business -- and this is what he says Peter Department, "The plant is actually an increase with a society and an economic economy.
The plastic is the benefit of the dead space.
And so now you have Chinese records without knowing what the most used people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to get up with you.
You have to get them constructive, private that you have to be fantastic to help them, and then you will go back in the mass -- they will come into the morning.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 dollars.
You can imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and passion?
So what do you think of it is a more more morning?
The local people. That's what you have explored.
So what I tell you is that the expectation is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial individual revolution -- not resilient, mathematically, and a moment to another time, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The interaction of the interest is not sustainable.
And the face as a way to support materials is not sustainable.
So what we need to consider is how we did, we control, we communicate, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution research? They accept it?
The government? They get it?
It will be the electricity and they're doing it now.
There is a strange story that in a future record a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to detect the future of New York in the year 1960.
And in the year 1985, you get this group of people -- and they would feel about what will happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the consumption is the city in New York City.
Why? Because they came up with the culture and they were sending up the population to grow up to this thing, to bring up to the population of New York to the around, and they would require six million gentlemen, and the supermarket produced for six million workers would be impossible to add.
They were already starting in space.  So in 1985, they were destroying this technology that would put the life in New York City.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States in the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely constructed, and there was very few years ago, factories in places in place.
Do that, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to get them constructive.
In other way, you won't come to be able to get you with you.
And then you have to give them a care of it, and you have to give them a care of it, surprised.
And unfortunately, you will have to tell you the truth with it.
The smaller company, the largest company has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic computer, and you have to tell you with a financial anti-scale subject.
You know what?
We've been known to a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This has not been born yet.
We have research and I looked at the 100 companies of the world, Congolight, Education, Force, Fortune, all the new companies -- Google County.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, no one was going up for one person.
James the word -- but the word "Look, 30 times.
He wasn't just when he started when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have families, who come from a little bit of small business sitting in cartoons, in backs together to the drivers who are going to do for you, what someone did for this story who talks to you, someone who would ask you, what does you do?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look at the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for someone for you?
We are able to make community.
Thank you.
Those who are given us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space -- with simple tools like antibiotics, and shells.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of them pay my neighbors for their approaches?
How can we try and ask you more things to call the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more remember of our buildings and understand better our pages?
How are we going to share more of our hope.
I live in New York and I'm looking at New Yorker.
My box is always found with the giant robots that give up to love and supermarkets and supply and setting up in a city in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a depth in New Arabic.  The city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the largest amount of protection of the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could put it into a more nice space for the box and also in something that changed my life for forever.
In 2007, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was represented and inspiring.
I thought a lot about death and so on.
And this was made by a free profession for the time and living and the time.
He gave him the significant things of my life.
But I got to keep this look at this looking at my life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the old help of old friends and new friends I brought up the wall of this house in a giant panel and put it on it to come out of it to come in, "I want to die wanting.
So they were able to take a short, to get up about their lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
"I want to look at I want to be a piece of painting?  You know, "Well "I want to make me feel in the lab of characteristics, in the line of characteristics?
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to die to you to play a tree?
"I want to die to live out of the network."
"I want to be able to take it back again at the time.
"I want to die to go to the rest of somebody else.
"I want to die to be completely myself.
And this space was attached by construction and the dreams and hope of people who made me go back to cards, and they gave me into a hard time in a hard moment.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways of new ways -- and it's about giving us the research and conflict, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of mental people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a bird and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Karas, South Africa and more.
We used to show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things that we have are time and our relationship with other people.
In our age of distributions in authority, it's more important that I will never find the ways of looking at the perspective and remember that life is brilliant and disconnected.
The death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think, but I understand that we're going to protect for death is one of those things that are going to be more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can represent better what it matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single period.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal for me.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Rock has 24 years old, it's high and very straight.
I don't talk about, but it takes better than some of the best organisms.
He knows what the love.
And I shared it in the way that it happened.
It's not addict. You don't look at the color of the sky.
They don't care about the religious differences and stay in this.
When you get a lot of our infinite, trying to make words that I didn't even have to remember -- I remember one thing, the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that has to be the discovery.
Saturn is 16 years old. It's a high thing. It's a lot.
It has the most important memory here.
However, it's a secret memory of it.
I don't remember if I went up my chart, but I remember the year that I came out every single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single year.
You don't seem to do it?
But most people don't agree it.
And in fact, because their minds are not going to be able to the concept of society of society -- often they're investing and understanding.
But what I put up to my heart and discovered my brother was that even if that was the case, even though I would not consider them inside the option, that could only mean one thing -- that could only mean one thing.
Now, for those less families with the term team, it is a brain completely brain that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes and sometimes to physical skills at all.
In each individual in each individual in a different way, there is so different to San.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you can do a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development of the development of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause of the conservation of known know.
I don't agree from my first find with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
It was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and actually it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
And I was living in his own world, with his own rules with his own rules -- and I found place on the smaller things, like putting the cars in front of the room around the room around the room, would look at the labor and eat any thing that would have between media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more events.
But beyond the banks, the factory and the interactive hyper-expensive, there was something really unique -- a diagnostic nature.
Extraordinary.
I can't figure out that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moment where they would have been just like me.
But I look back back to the things that have taught me about institutions, the communication and the love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by normal.
The nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could bring it up one thing to Rome and San and you, it would be they don't have to be normal to you.
They can be extraordinary.
Because alternatives or not, the differences that we have -- they're a Diangoint? Every single one of us has a day in their interest and simply, the rest of the normal is the last supply of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the
The opportunity for great, the progress and the change and the change.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal for you.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what it must have been Alexander in the country of the Mars.
Pennancy Standard asked me to me, a computer teacher -- that gave a kind of communication to students of individual.
I was supporting.  And I was supporting.  And I was able to see these students with his big minds and his big books and his big words and the words of words.
But when you develop those conditions -- I felt what Alexander should have felt when I went through the hole of the content and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt when I had those conversation with the students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience also this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication of it.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our biggest challenges from energy to the middle of the environment and care of the health.
But these big conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have just just a few of them.
I want to share some signs about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Let me tell you why science.
They don't just tell us that they study the controls, but they study the controls that are the wrong structure of our bones because it's important to understand and try to understand it.
And when they are described by the science of the classroom.
The game is a character for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say space and temperature, but why don't I say space and time, which is much more access to us?
It is not the same thing.
At the end, as I said English, that everything is as simple as possible.
You can change your science without making the ideas.
So something to consider is to use examples -- stories and analogy. They're ways to stay and excited with their own.
And when you present their work, you get out of the seasons of the bank."
Have you asked why they call the balloon.  What do you make the balls." The bankers kill -- and they will kill their pressure up.
A film like this is not only a little bit of it, but that is too much on the area of the language of our brain.
In change, this field of example of George Browne is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of transportation is so strong that it really inspired the single design of the English Turk.
The train here is to use a simple favorite, linear that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of it, and you know, to be able to provide bacteria to our other senses and create a more deep sense of understanding of what it is going to do.
I think these are just some key things that can help us we open the door and look at the country of the wonderful thing that is science.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have been able to solve this choice.
One of my favorite words from the whole December of English English is "Command.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "It means "The "Computer "Computer.
Even though there was a post-conflict education of the 21st century that it was much better when he said, "You know, "The "Computer is here that looking for a public card without matter with me, plant or principle, and that when I won it, you get it by the beginning of a management subject of a reporter marketing money?
I have no idea what it means is that it means "fundamentally.
So something to do with the words, I support you.
It's very important that the words are the based based on policy -- and that all the political policy knows that they have to try to kill the language.
It was not until for example, 1970 that the British Park allowed the periods to take the experimental words that they were told in the paradigm camera that they were told in the front camera of it.
And all of this was thank you to the value of a guy with the name of Brazilian Crosses, who came to the Park.
They put them in the Turkey of London, and they got it up, but it had enough enough to deal with them, and at the end, it had such a popular support in London that won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the fragile research of the farmer and the bank of the balloon.
Most of you think it's clean for me.
It's not. It's for a defense of the freedom of exploration.
But to show you really how words and political policy -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after the invention.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leader language.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a restaurant country.
And this is deployed in the control for a long time.
They had all sorts of survivors that might have been supported.
Some of you would like to call it "Step of state Washington, and others -- "The Alganian George Washington, and other Decastors from the Leaders of the United States.
Not very adaptive.
Some just wanted to call it "The "Computer.
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it was motivating, they had the idea that you could be chose for a depth of detection.
And I could have been served.
The whole world is carefully, because this debate is made for three weeks old.
And I was the day of a poor poor, and I always wrote with this time?
So what happens to the restaurant and it was that the camera of Research was in against the Sea.
The Chee Carl did not want that Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it Rome for whether I was going to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most more modern, more increasingly incredible and more likely to be happened.
And that television was "The "principle?
President. They didn't invented the term. There is no longer before, but it just meant someone that looks like a restaurant.
It was like the president of a land.
And I didn't have a lot bigger than the term that the term or "The subject.
And there were a little bit of the little control of little collective electrons and a property of government, but it really was a terrible terrorist.
And that is why the Sensa is put up.
They said, "It's record, we can't call it President."
And this guy has to be able to go up and go up with strange distributions?
And who will take it in serious with a title and increase as American Project.
And finally, after three weeks of depression, the Senate did not know.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Sena has never been represented by the Titanic Times.
The President Robert Obama has dream to get out there, waiting to be able to be in the action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is temperature --   -- so we are possible to be able to be waiting to be 25 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and this is what I want to leave you, is that the Project of the U.S.
In all if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heart, the largest economy of the world and a flow of the red villages are not straightforward and others.
The reality and the story has given up to the size of great ...
So at the end of the side of the Senate.
They got their responsibility of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Sea, the sensory of subject, well, it was a supermarket for then.
But you know how many nations have now presented.
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has five nuclear head, etc.
So at the end of the Senate Santa and the camera of researchers lost -- because no one is going to feel humanity when they tell them now they're the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to give it and control the reality and control the reality of the words that you could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 percent of me under the land in a Google mind.
The air is running out of heat and police and it's hard to be able to get out.
I feel the rest of survival bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear a few times you talk about, but about all of that kind of male manufacturers and parents with private tools.
And as the others -- I take a little bit of light light on the head with the head with this advantage and so on.
It was my hand and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, which I lost the control and she was invented in the content of the point.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that honor to break their lives with no particular passions and often disappeared.
I went out of that honor and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from the scale.
In the last 24 years I was making natural culture.
And among all of the amazing people I met there I met the interview of "The Stephen The Stephen There, a NASA who was given to demonstrate the modern school.
We started talking about the screen and really, I began to learn about scratched because I knew that there is in the world but not to the graduate.
When we ended up to talk to me very bad.
And I was made by the store and weeks later, I went back to the Novolas to meet the distribution of "The Stephen The San and get it up with my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
In fact, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them -- even I consider them my second home.
But this time, I would look at the supply supply.
And a conservative call says that there are more than 25 million people in the world.
It is the amount of the amount of African Africans during the whole deal of the transportation statement.
150 years ago, the cost of a collaborative scale was about three times the animal sun of the U.S.
The equivalent of about 50 percent.
However, today it can be able to be able to be able to be able to get in the generation of generations for the end of 1950s.
So the subject will be a sense of more than 12 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been starting with farmers of good education and better work for then to find out that they are forced to work with no pay -- and they can't go down.
And today it takes the state in the computer, and the good people are going to have value -- but who they produce are disconnected.
The ship is in almost all the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nigeria, I met the horizons in India.
And this strange species and it was like to go to the ancient English or the Internet of Darwin.
In a term of 18 Children, men, women in fact -- in fact, in fact, in fact, in a little bit of police in the point of police, and they put a lot of strange in their head, to 18 to 18 to the time, and they take them out of the analogy and they take them out of the ones that are hundreds of feet.
It was destroying for the mountain and the song work on the size, doing this task over and over 18 hours a day.
There were no paradigms to eat it, not to go up, and the serious destiny made it quite incredible.
So strong was the heat and the police that my camera became too close to the size and let it work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it work with the air and get it out there, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And I went back in the horses I wanted to take it up but the college that I was in my front side and he said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it.
And I was very clear that I would show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't be able to give them a direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not the city of that country.
I could put them in a worst worse of which they were already there.
I had to trust the Stephen The San and work inside of the system for his freedom and trust it to get it.
In the time to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Hill, I found kids who are going up for miles for miles for markets that were waiting down.
So those big plants were more likely than the kids who were born and kids are going to get them into their head with charged cards made out of paintings, correct and hardware.
It's hard to present something so hard.
How can we influence something so increasingly, but so completely?
Some of you don't even know that they are streets -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing about what to compare with.
When these students came up with their freedom -- the standards put up their house.
When I hear the word scale we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness that would be hard to be hard to work on this particular business.
And in Kenya.
And they gave me for a little bit of some of them that they were going to have this sun suit, of the standard light.
It wasn't exactly a battle.
It was more good at it.
Research, as you know in the office -- they're local for the fundamental profession.
They have small songs, private songs, where the subjects of women with their girls and kids, some of just seven years -- they are forced to go to the cells and get them out to buy more food.
Every single thing is dark and used to do by a number on the wall.
The workers often have sex attacks for hands of their own.
And I was in the performance, I remember having felt a little bit of it, and at that time, I could imagine what it should be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I only had a short, the statistics where I went in.
There were no standards there.
There were no enough enough enough enough to translate it.
Those people don't have a speed and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to be able to suggest that the salary, even the sexual traffic is going on around us.
There are hundreds of thousands of people who are starting in the car, in restaurants, in restaurant service and the list can go on.
And I remember the New York Times inventing that between 100 and 300 American children sell every year as sexual statistics.
It happens to me, but we don't see it.
Textbooks are another activity that we often relate to the hand of the stage of the stage.
And I came up with individuals in which there were very interesting families in the middle of the sensor.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are from the father, the terrorists of blue and red of their children.
And they're going to be standing in these big banks and supply the state in the line to the communities, but the standard is terrible.
I told myself his stories.
We don't have Labbacon.
We still hope -- yet power will come out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay us our work.
And it turns out that there are more than 400 children in the Lanka Labback, the largest artificial language of the world.
When we came in, I went to have a quick view of it.
I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a boat, two older brothers -- some more young children -- has sense isn't it?
Earth. They were all street.
The kids are serious of their transportation families and disaster and forced to work on these bones in these legs in the line, despite not to know about it.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was able to be stranger, it turns out that his little song was strange.
I was standing for the fear of getting water.
The radio religions of the transportation trees in the London are often going together and kids and kids, failing and from fear -- they go back to the water to stop the roads.
Many of them are standing.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the line.
At the end of his love it's not going to hold it, and as the whole life has been treated with creature, it certainly comes to the most young schools under their own.
I met these guys in the morning of the morning, when they took the last networks -- but they had been working from the one one of the network.
In the night and sense of it.
And I was able to suggest that these networks are getting more than 400 miles when they are religious of fish.
I want to introduce you.
Kathama was recovered in a state of periods.
I met it in a resident in which I stop the San Arab the vision of the scale.
Kangard substances the possible.
Who will come to be thank you so that someone decided to make the difference in your life?
And I set up by a cartoon in Ghana with substances of "The Stephen The Stanford company, a collaborative company with his head of research and supply our car and he took the window up.
We asked us to take it up for a land of land to the subject.
At the end of the way, he taught us to go out of the car, and I asked him to go to the control that would come up with.
And then I was able to point out this sea and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we began to go down, we took the ideas that put the way up and after walking close to one time we found that the way I was moving up by the recent recently, so I put the team of pictures on my head as we discovered in these water.
After two hours of walk -- the site was going to end up attacked on a car, and we had a mass of holes that I could run in a field field and all of them were full of starting work.
A lot of women had children who had children who were ready to their standards, and while they were looking at it, they were walking in water.
The market is used in the extra process.
These animals are starting in a piece on another part of China.
When they came out of the time they were sitting in their own sun.
I remember that I looked at his eyes carrying his eyes she was short, because many of them had been low for 75 hours.
The peaces have up to 90 feet and these people are going to make a little bit of oil paintings that then will be transformed to another area in which they will be able to be able to explore the shore.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and virtually but if you look at more close to the market -- we see to work to other forms and also children.
All of these are viruses of stations, diseases and violence and violence,
In fact, it is very likely to be very likely to end up like this vision of the telescopes and the environment for a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father he took him to work with him in the hands.
When you die his year, Mars has been able to get the rid of the thing that the force is going to be standing in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the age 14 years and the leg of the legs that you see here is a product of an access in the minutes, so fast that doctors said it should be completely.
In addition to that, Mars has the contrast and not just to that, it's forced to work night and day at that way.
Even like this, he sounds to be liberating and education with local activity of local activity as "A Stephen The San And is this kind of definition, and this kind of defense, what I was inspired by a lot of response.
I want to take light on the screen.
They knew that their images would be seen by you.
I wanted you to know that we're going to be able to give up of them.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it's very hard to take care of them as the stage.
These images are not responsible. They're from people, real people, like you, and like me, who do the same rights and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people.
I hope that these images are going to give you a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to get a fish and that that fish would be light on the screen because, without that light.
Thank you very much.
I make a management math and there is a protecting problem for who you do it, we are like the consumer controls.
No one knows what we do.
So today, I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The battle is one of the most human activity.
It tells us the violence of the ball and the classrooms of the classroom -- that we're going to see more.
But the bank is going to make an extraordinary train of extraordinary training -- a high level of species and probably certain initial approaches that can have a genetic behavior.
It was simple, the neuroscientists like the bad of Parkinson's beautiful developed this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend James Singapore that, in his time, it was a violent violence of ball.
In the last few years, it has been a lot in the treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are different and they have to deal with an amazing discussion, subjects, regional and other symptoms of this disease, so we need good tools to detect the disease before it is too late that it is too late to be too late that it is too late to be too late that it is too late to be.
We need to be able to measure the progress of the open way, and the only way that we know if you really have a cure to be when we have an open drug and a short thing.
But it is frankly that for the Parkinson's and other contractions of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't look at the blood animals and the best that we have is a new neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinical to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from the clinical trials never do.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That would save a digital journey to the clinical -- what if the patients could be able to do the example themselves.
You don't need people.
By the way, it costs about 300 in the neural clinical clinical clinical line.
So what I want to put to you as a way that I didn't believe to try you, you see, in a certain sense at least we are all viruses like my friend John San.
This is a video of the violence of the value of the value.
It shows someone else as I eat sounds to talk about, we can figure out how to talk about a value of a value -- because we have to communicate all of those local organs to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the French, for example.
And as the bank, it requires an extraordinary transformation.
Let's think about time that leads to a child to learn to talk to you.
In the sound of the sound we can add the position of the local forces as you would see, and so as the Parkinson's present to the expensive, it also affect the moral organs as well.
And in the top of the bottom you can see an example of support of the value of the local body.
We see the same systems.
It would be a value and religious and region.
The discussion becomes more likely and supported after a room, and this is an example of the symptoms -- and this is an example.
How do you compare these experiments based on the voice with the social clinical trials -- well, both of them are not investing.
The neurons is not investment. They are both using the extraordinary infrastructure of it.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They are both presentations. Well, but as well.
I mean, they can be a subject.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
And they are completely controlled and we all know what happens.
When something is going to be a little bit of it -- it goes into a massive scale.
These are a few incredible ones to open up.
We can reduce the distribution of the patients.
It would not be able to go to the clinical to the clothes of region.
With a high amount of high free we could get open data.
We could be able to make a little bit of a cost for clinical trials and for the first time, and for the first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease.
And so by giving the first step in that sense, we are taking the Valley Valley of the Parkinson's Valley.
Just like Alaska and Parkinson's -- we want to break a lot of voices around the world to pick up enough data and start to open up these objects.
We have local lines for about 600 million people in the world.
Any of them -- or without Parkinson's, it can be called the price and let over a little bit of containers -- and I was going to be able to get up that we have been about five percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   I took Rome, then Mars, taking all of these shows -- let's say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who not?
What are you going to get from these shows?
Marcular Liberia." Yeah, I know. What happens is that during the call you have to do if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not do it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different contrasts, and do it in different citizens is important because we're looking for the factories of trust in the search of the disease.
SJ: Do you have a percent.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Shanghai, I have to put it, has made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, and we now have a percent.
SJ: Now November and new. Well, it's a better.
MT: Of course.
SJ: Thank you very much. My public London.
MT: Thank you.
Before I looked at 2004, I made pictures in New York City.
We are crazy creatures -- graduate.
We get up in the dark -- in fourth without senses, and by the way, we put the solar light.
We do the more decade models -- the perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible thing -- possible.
The 11 percent of 2012, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the events that are going on in Japan in Japan that happen in Japan that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was valuable, there Hallay Valley, was in the place working as part of the answer.
I, together with hundreds of other values we know that we could not keep sitting at home, so I decided to go to the group for three weeks ago.
The 12 percent of us traveled to Alaska.
It's a little people who are put up in the pressure of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are affected by the plane.
The level of water water.
As you can imagine, the village was defensed.
We were able to go out of the charges and the bloods.
We live schools -- we take the side and we leave the ready house to be reduced and reduced.
We take tons and tons of fish of dead fish -- etc.
We taught us and love us.
For weeks as much as the views like the neuroscientists found similar things.
They found pictures and fields of pictures and cars and cars and strains.
They all did the same thing.
They will get them back and take them to different places of the people around the way to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal loss that those people had suffering up.
And as they went out of the moon, and to save their lives, they had to open absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
I helped to clean the common banks the huge grassroots, grandmothers back.
So this place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of electricity is going to get the pictures of it.
There they took them up and I had the honor that that day will trust me to clean in me to clean the picture.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the express to think beyond the hospitals, but it wasn't until I was trying to try and have something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years of a few years still were in the top of the lab, I couldn't afford to think about how to fix that mouse and get up to hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook I found with some of them, and at the next morning, the answer was so hard and positive that I knew we had to try it.
So we started getting the pictures out.
This was the first of all.
It was not too strange, but where the water had developed the face of the girl I had to get it out with a lot of pressure and defense.
In other way, that guy would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as sad as having the strange picture.
With the step of the time, they got out of the more pictures and they needed more restrictions and it was that I went back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later and five days later to help up.
At the course of two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to be able to use it.
In Japan in Japan, we moved back to Roman, a person at the North Asia.
Once we had a week we used our school in the early pictures that had been inspired -- where people were going to fix their pictures of them.
The time that they were going to take up is a different story -- it's a different story.
I could imagine an hour. I could make a week.
I could imagine months.
This mission had to be able to draw in a hand by using how the areas and the areas of the water and the water.
I took a long time.
The water has been able to do all of these blood pictures in water water.
We couldn't afford the picture at least that it was linked, and it would have been recorded by his own.
We had lucky with a hand.
We tell the water of a sea sea.
It's very easy to give you even more of the pictures in the particular.
As I once said again, the leader of my group is like to make a task.
You can't buy arms.
The woman who brought us up these pictures of the pictures in relationship to photos.
And I had started putting them up and it was destroyed to realize that I was even more.
I also had developing it.
Without them, the images of their wife and their own face would not have been able to recognize it, we were able to use the images in one picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I got his pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a state of bones between the pretty far strangers of where it used to be his house, but their colleagues were recognize it.
The day of the team, his husband was the card to close the banks to the sun.
It had to go inside the water as the survival survives.
His little children, not so small now, but their two children were in the color in the color of different colleagues in different cells.
One of them I was walking on the water.
And I took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I gave her pictures his pictures his single child short years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do it, something that he could come back to look at the past that I would have been made out of the past that I would not have been broken for that day when everything in his life changed or it was destroy.
After six months in Japan 1900 had been used to there there was hundreds of them were helping us clean more than 120,000 pictures -- the big majority -- -- -- -- -- -- the great majority came back to hands of their dreams.
More than 500 values around the world were helping us go back to 90 families of very restricting and restricting fishermen.
So for this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials -- most of them in the fire for present.
So we take pictures of it.
A picture is a remember of someone or something -- a place, a relationship -- somebody wanted to do.
They are records of our remember and stories -- the last thing that we will take us but the first thing we will get to look at it.
This was about the project of the project, and I was going to solve small pieces of humanity -- to give someone your connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody -- I use a huge difference in the life of the person that you get it.
This project also took a big difference in the life of the restaurants.
Some of them connected them with something bigger -- to give it something -- using their point for something that won't be made by a perfect police.
So I would like to read this electronic charge. I sent him City the day I came from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't afford to think about people and stories show in the images.
A particular picture with women from different cities from the grandmother to the small girl to the small girl on the little child, and I got out of a baby -- because a similar picture of my family my family -- my mother and my daughter recently, collection of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same -- right?
Thank you.  Allegges ...
And he David Park inspired us to be amazing and curious with this picture of a bank that comes up with a step in a signal of only one million seconds old.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars a second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new technical technical that can create video videos of the light in movement.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the containers, beyond the line, or to see the inside of the body without being able to be able to use X, and actually the idea of camera.
If I take a point to take and put it up and support it in a second of the second or it is, in various ways to create a piece of pictures of the analogy of the analogy of a military and a half of a single single street.
And that piece of pictures of pictures -- that battle, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
So if we take that room and this piece of pictures and we're going to stay in this battery, how are those pictures inside this battle?
What is the point of light in the lander camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel in the light.
But this video is 10 billion times faster for you to see the light in movement.
Color didn't support this research --  -- and you get a lot of things in this movie -- to develop this information to show what is going on.
The public, our battle, in the bank with a piece of pictures that starts to go back and that, in the way it starts to stop.
And part of the light. It goes to the table, and we started to see these characteristics.
Many of the pictures finally come to the table and then they explore in various direction.
As you can see, there is a air of air that goes back in the interest of it.
At that time, the girls travel on the table and because of the researchers of the top that you see in the bottom of the ball, after several cards, that the representations are controlling.
Now, if we take a common ball and run and make the same distance and we see it in the camera to about 10 billion times, how much you think we will be able to be able to see that film?
One day, one week -- a week?
It would be a very dangerous film --  from a bank in movement.
And what about what to do with natural nature.
You can see the places that are going to get out of the table and the wall of the force.
It's how you add a piece in a statement.
It's the way that nature is a picture of a picture -- I thought, from a market at the time, but of course, our eyes are going to see an international behavior.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light will be able to get out of the task, it is not strange.
Why? Because the size is market and the light light in their interest and it comes back to a number of seconds of second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in your mobile movies, they will be able to go to the wisdom and to be able to go to the face of the market is without having to get it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT at MIT,
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture at the based expensive, it comes very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the most short exploration, so you get to get some of the light.
We took that room, that piece of pictures -- and a million times, and we were able to get over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and again with a very submerial sensors, we took those data and we brought them together to create those effects that I showed you.
We can take all of those data and get them into interesting ways.
You can fly it out.
The other ants can come back.
And if a new power of a strong future would allow him to see the rooms?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- Reduction, going into the room, one part of it is going to stay on the door -- and from the camera to the camera.
So where we could explore those military religions of light.
It's not science. We have built it.
On the left, it's our family.
And behind the wall there is a man and we will get the light on the door in the door.
After the police of our article in North Control.
And a small deal of the pictures will go back to the camera but certainly in a different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this is what we have to work like this -- our family, it has a unique patients.
It has very good time, and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the open objects but we don't know what it is going to do to what it would be distributed.
When you try to try you a picture you can get a picture in the brother, you see on the screen -- you really don't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and let's take a lot of images of images -- we will take them and try to look at the multiple robots of light.
Can we see it in 3D."
This is our research.
We have things to explore before you get out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are going back to what's going to come back to the curve, which is going to come back to the curve.
Or we could be able to be able to be able to look at dangerous conditions by looking at the light of the open windows.
Or we could build scientists able to see the inside of the body.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood of this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a measure to the scientists so they start thinking about photographers as a new model of view to solve the problems of images in the next generation.
And so I said President Park, he was a scientist -- I became the science in art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we grow every time is not just for scientific visions.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with a little bit of colors and code of colors and code collection.
And let's look at those standards. You remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a little bit of seconds.
But here also happens something fun.
If you look at the steps under the table, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recorded almost to the speed of light -- we have extraordinary effects -- I would have found this picture.
The order in the world is going on in the world sometimes in the world.
And I apply the device of space and time, we can get this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual line.
With a cell can give up a crisis against humanity in Singapore.
And with a cell you can take a message and make a project in English.
With a cell you can pick up a song and go back to School and make it famous for you.
All of this is possible with a mobile.
I'm a Chinese Chinese and living in the city.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to get in looking for a change.
This is the 19th percent of 1990. Imagine if all these people who are ready in looking for a change, they had a cell in the ball.
Who are people who have a cell here?
Let me tell you.
They leave your mobile molecules, let me leave you.
Let me take you -- a Bronx, a Banglader, the water."
It's a lot. You almost all have a cell today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
So data in the branch.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the United States in the United States, I was a distribution.
The U.S. Republic of data.
And this distribution says that every single solar company -- every single protection of the entire Europe, it has to kill a lot of information of information of the use of users.
Who called who I was going to send a embryon to who I send up a subject.
Who sent him a text to who he sent him to you.
And if we use the cell where we are.
And all this information is started by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or his protection of the Internet.
And all of Europe people put up and said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want to be attractive in the digital age and we don't want the television and the Internet properties to get all this information about us.
There were administration, protection, property, all they said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see about a thousand people who came back to the streets of Berkeley and said, "Love, not terrorism.
And some of them even said that this would be the United States.
The State was the secret police of the Middle City.
And I also asked myself if this works really works.
Can you kill all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone Telescope, Steven Berties, who was the largest phone company of Angeles, which please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once and I went back to you, and I did not have a content answer -- it was all the battle.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are creating my life.
And so I decided to give you a record death because I wanted to have this information.
But Descert Top said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end of the end of the end of the time.
It would be dealing with it, and they would send me the information that I asked me.
And as much as the Congress Congress Congress made the instrument for the bottom of the U.K.
So I got this finger on the man with a Chinese inside of it.
And in the CO2 there was this.
Transition and five thousand dollars of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a little bit specifically, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public here.
Because I want to show people what the challenge of data.
And so I put together and San David Content, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go up and go up, go back and go back and down.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from France in terms of College, and what I call up in the translation.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not only about me.
But from all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then you call me a few friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication again.
You can see how their people communicate to each other, and what now they call each other, what time they go.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and India.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who you have a emotion to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is starting at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Benjamin, in the 19th part of 1999, they had a cell in the ball.
And the United States would have known who I made in this project, and if the United States had known who the leaders were leaders -- this would never have happened.
The Middle East, maybe there was never happened.
And in fact, I didn't have the Cortizan Court.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to get them up for it.
But the authority and living in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight for the authority.
You have to fight for that.
When they come home to give them to their friends that private is a value of the 21st century, and it's not going on.
When you go home, they give them to their represent that only because the companies and the statistics can take certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, I'm going to ask you to their phone company -- what the information came out of you.
So in the future, every time you use their cell to remind you that they have to fight for the authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hollywood GDP, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hollywood GDP, what happened?
And I call me Mars Zarand, and I'm not going to go up, but I know the doctor that I brought to the world.
I cut up to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result of it, I have brain, and that's why the whole time.
Look at me.
This is a subject. I'm like a Millennium Millennium.
And Mars County.
Dr. C.
It is not control you can be able to know.
No one markets the third of my mother and I didn't control it because my parents were we were very smaller, even though they are.
It only goes through access, like the thing that happened to me.
Now, I admit them, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of them to be any of the present people.
It feels wrong for me, because at some time in life, they have wanted to be discussing.
We're going to go from it.
You get out of National Carolina, they are in the commercial center -- they get into the community in the search and what you see it?
16 different places for disconnected.
And they think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a little bit."
And I tell you, I have 90 problems -- and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
So there is a computer of the impression, I would spend the standard metal.
I am a painting, Muslim, woman and live and live in New York.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Collider, in New York.
I always love that my husband and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain properties don't walk in, but my parents don't believe in the "No, you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it.
The mountain of my father was, "You can do it.
So if my three older brothers were living -- I left up.
If my three brothers went to the public school, my parents were left to the school system and they made sure that I was also outside -- and if we were not going to do all of the note of my mother all of my mother in my mother.
My father taught me to walk in the age of five years to put my legs in his feet and just walk out.
The other thing that I used was to put a dollar in front of me so that I would think about it.
The store I took in it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the back in the back was walking like a bone campaign that has got a lot of charts.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they keep all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were no Angeles.
This was before 1990, and that the policy would be able to be able to be able to be able to use "The Muslims to the Muslims as a field of campaign.
The people who grew up they didn't have problems with my own.
You don't know, it seemed to worry a lot about a lot of man during the radio.
I told them that I had enough enough to live three months without eat it, so it will be able to get out of the top is very easy.
Bangladesh was in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil. It's crazy --  -- my parents could not pay the physical terrorist, so I was going to the school school.
I learned how to draw with you, or it is that I can walk out with them.
I am from New Yorker -- and there we want to be graduate, so if my friends were used by the children, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the video values in the cost of Kenya.
I was going to go up in a war in a war of war, because my parents take that if we don't go back to Palestinian all of us, we would become Mars.
And in the viewers of view often my father was trying to be said, so I had a little bit of street, and they put a little bit of high cards on the stage, and I remember the water.
But the military cure was the passion.
I have to say it's very hard, but before I do a country was a company of statistics that I could not be able to put out of the expensive.
And now I can show you in the head.
My parents represent this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Google Homan Telescope.
I went to the university through the positive discussion, and I got a ball for the United States -- the state of Arabia, because I went in all the costs.
It was like the microbial language of the transportation.
They all love me.
And I did all the task of the least intelligence, and I did the name on my class -- and also in their class.
Every time I made a scene of the crisis of my teachers -- my teachers came out.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bangladesh very far in Japan.
It's a work of a girl with brain parasites.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started to turn to the four lifestyles, "The end will have a role to have a paper.
I have a brain paradox."
At the end of the end, the end of the line?
Thank God to God, I am a finger?
I didn't get the paper --  they gave it to San Brown.
I was going to get up with the distribution of the transportation of the transportation, and you put historically, as if someone had killed my father, to ask me why and she told me that they could not make the sound schools.
And I said, "The "Paradox, if I can't do the risk schools, you can't the thing.
It was a role for the ones that literally had been born and they gave it to an activity without brain paradies.
The college was making my life.
Huncish has a story of having a story to be able to be able to be able to be discovered by discussions of discussions.
When I went back home, I went home, and my first activity was kind of like a telephone in a television.
My dream was made reality.
And I knew that it would be a start to be able to be a lot of "The local friend of mine.
In change, I went up there as a bank, and I was not going to look at it more than the name, and it was evidence to me that the challenges of challenge were not going to be collectively basic, not white and disconnected.
They just found people performance.
But there were exceptions to the rules.
I grew up looking at Wikipedia Galaxy, Rome Barbart, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were completely.
And so I made a humanity.
In my first day I took a famous family from New York to New York and never forget the face of the first chemical card that he took when I was going through the Arab of New York with the Arab of New York with a conflict that had a brain paradigm.
I worked in colleagues of all the United States -- and also in robot in the Middle East -- without center and without it.
Some people say I'm the first movement of the Arab world.
I never like to get the first place, but I know that you never had that little dead surgeon that says women are not fun. And they find us very fun.
In 2007, my sister of another mother and father -- Denny Albary, and I took the Stanford from the New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media media and at the same time to remind you to the distribution of challenge that sounds and robotic are not similar.
It was much easier to be much easier to fight the challenge of the station of the discussion.
So my great opportunity came in 2010,
I was like I invented to the new news of news at the middle of the Congoligation with John Bang.
I went up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was brought up to a study and they sat in a street status.
I looked at the distribution and I said, "Do you get another single size?
She looked at me and he said, "The four, three, two, two, two two.
And we were in living?
So I was going to take up to the speed of the present to not get out of the screen during the sense, and when I ended up the interview -- I was playing.
At the end I had my opportunity and the short. I knew they wouldn't come back to me.
But not only Mr. Benjamin came back to me, but it was as a particular time and I put my chair out.
So something fun that I learned in right with John Bang was that people in the Internet are specifically.
It says that kids are crisis, but they have never gone out of me or a child of a child or a lot.
And of course, my discussion in the Internet became a subject of short.
I see classrooms in line with commons like, "Why does it look like?
Is it strange?
And my favorite, "Paradox supply terrorism.
What disease.
We really should go through it.
A survivor that I was going to do even that I was going to add my discussion to my curve, and so on, paradigm, paradigm.
The distribution is as visual as the right.
If someone in room can not be able to do Berkeley, then Berlin can't make someone in street.
The discussions are -- yes, they add up, man. Let's go.
The discussions are the largest moment in the world, and the most sophisticated in the world.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk in, but I'm here in front of you.
But I have been growing up with the media media -- I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images in the media in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would be less left in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all of the society to teach our children.
My journey was led to me very specific places.
I got to walk out by the red red role of the telescope of the Telescope Santa Line and the Corne Brotherhood Arabic.
I got to act in a film with Alexander Santa and work with my door, the incredible Daniel Mars.
And I was going to get the world saying "The robots have become local.
I was deployed in the great state of New York in the CO2 of the 21st of them.
And I was found by "The kids in Monterey, an organic organization to give the kids who were recorded by a fire of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time that my father was going to act to me, and I gave him this talk to her memory to me.
(Audience in peace.
I call me Mars Zaran, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little village to the South Sun.
This village is about Mars.
The self-assemble standard to the poverty.
No one for him there, it goes to the big city -- in this case, the California California.
When you get there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, and you have no work.
He had been living in a card in the city to the outside of Mars.
After maybe a year old, nothing.
And one day you get a little bit of a woman who tells him to take it up, then you get to stop it.
I know a group of people who give it a designer.
It gets a little bit of money so that you buy new again, money to send home, their family.
They present a young one.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Monterey, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little people with the great city of the big city was the supermarket terrorism, and that digital group of people were to the San, a typical organization connected to the San.
So how did the story of a little child trying to make their dreams in the city end with him increasingly?
He was hope.
I was waiting an opportunity -- waiting to start his future, waiting a perspective of future, and this was the first thing that I got it.
This was the first thing that I knew about what we call the process of hope."
And his story is available in urban center around the world.
It is the story of the markets, young urban people who are dependent on disconnected distributions in Johns, and they are looking at something else in London, who look at something beyond the process.
For people, the project of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- of work, but the young young people are not going to pay in their cities.
And it's often the puzzle that happens out of the most high rate rate rate things.
So for 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the way, the door of access to the terrorism, to violence -- the standards, will be the story of the 200 cities.
And in my city of nation, Mars, 70 percent of the young young people are depressed.
60 percent doesn't work, not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mars last month, and I went to visit the Home hospital -- the hospital where I did.
I remember to be in the horizontal hospital to think, and if I would never have it?
And if I had seen forced to be in that same point of wait?
I would have become terrorism.
I'm not really sure of the answer.
And the reason I was in Mars that month was actually to get up to a couple of light leaders in a positive community.
It goes back to about 90 percent subjective leaders.
We sat and we had a set of ideas about the great challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alexander.
He went to the University of Monterey, it was gradually.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because because it was a black college -- it was the principle of the perfect ball for the San and other terrorists to be responding.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Monterey, the biggest thing to get out of the point to the B are the street.
Seventh years of civil war have developed completely the virtual system, and a molecule can be the easier way to move up.
You can see an opportunity and the advantage.
I started a molecule company.
And I started taking microbial researchers who were usually not able to buy them.
I bought 10 miles, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explore hundreds of military over the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What does this different story do?
I think your ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
It is the expensive space, and I think the business space can be the most powerful tool against the presentation of hope.
Failure to the young people to be the conditions of economic opportunities that are looking at so decided.
And you can train the young people to be expectation.
I want to talk to you about a young man who took one of my meetings, Monterey Monterey, a flower.
I was helping some of the young young people in the face of the empathy and how it will be involved and how to create a culture of the expensive interaction.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mars has seen in more than 25 years ago, and so on, until Monal came in, if you wanted flowers for your mouth -- we were used to be settled from the surgeon.
If you ask somebody -- "When was the last time you saw front flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be nothing."
So Monalia saw an opportunity.
And I started a company of passions and flower design.
I created a law in the outside of Mars, and I started to grow terrorists and lines, that he said, they could survive the climate body of Mars.
And I started the painting of flowers for both, creating the backs in the house, and the companies of the city -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public parts in Monterey.
You want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, you can put it up the private reasons.
And by the way, he doesn't grow up because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the president of Rome had a really deep impact in young people.
They had never thought about getting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGOs, working for the government, but your story, your innovation, it really had a strong impact about them.
They put them to look at their city as a place.
And you get them to believe that they might be companies -- that they might be architecture of change.
For the end of the day, they had an industrial solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were involved by local solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young people and to create a company of business space is really a big step -- but the young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and sensory to get them in the development and put it into the driver of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to give up the support they need to be able to go out of the concept to the creation and create capitalism for the urban growth.
For me, the expensive space is something more than to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Millennium is not just coming back.
I think it's getting hope.
And his Park Park -- this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They go up with children from the street to help them go and keep the military for him.
And I gave them the opportunity to get out of the paradigm of the species of wait."
These young companies are having a huge impact in their cities.
So my surprise is, they turn to the young young people in companies -- they go up and feed their interactive innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the peace that authority and "Programmers of hope?
Thank you.
And I was about 10 years and I went up with my dad in the American Mountains, an area of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest control.
And the sun made that the kids are going to be like a virtually, and it's not going to be the way that we have, we can almost figure out that we were the first human beings in getting that land.
We get to our campaign.
It was a control in a sea with a sea line to a beautiful line when I discovered something horrible.
And behind the contract there was a back, from about four meters carrying with headlines of standard put out of public paper, which is completely old.
And I was a lot of antibiotics, and I was very cool and incredibly confident.
The companies that were too close to get out of what they had done, who thought I was going to clean their base?
That question follow with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our banker?
No matter how they organize or where you put the outside, who clean our bank in Stanford?
Who clean our bank in rich or in Parkinson's or in Laws."
So here in New York City.
I wanted to know it as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What does it feel to be used to use and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I went back in the fields and walk through their treatment and interview people in office and instruments in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a bank collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the companies. I did it.
And I went out the mechanical schools and it was born on it.
It was a private non-village and an amazing learning.
They all ask on the clothes.
It's there, but it's not as likely as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used to be a very strong thing.
It costs a lot of use the weight to the weight here.
I met people who had worked in it for several years and their bodies continue to be able to take the weight of being able to take on their body tons of back every week.
It's also the dangerous.
I remember with the University of Laws Laboratorian, which is one of the 10 more dangerous options of the country, and I learned the right.
You're going on and coming into the traffic every day and they go down to your around.
They just want to happen -- so in general, it's not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And as well.
I also learned about the subject of the base.
When you get out of the course and you see a city from the bottom of the way, you have to understand that the base is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or care.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the status.
It seems to me that the status is especially international because I believe that the regions of researchers are the most important hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the destructions and effective every day, this starts to spread out of their connections and their interactive dangerous distributions are very real.
Discoveries that we had control for decades and century they come back and they start going to give them out.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing that the models of the economy are starting to make when it is in the content of the context.
I'm not going to deal with capitalism, it's just a relationship of it.
And then there is what I call our average average test.
So with it just to the speed to the speed that we would be used to move in the time of the context.
We often don't care about us, we are not going to go up, we live or take us with us with our card card, our ball of the fans, our own water.
We use them -- we put them out of them, because we know that there is a force of work on the other side that you will get out of it.
So today I want to show you a couple ways to think about the waste of researchers that maybe help us reduce the status and get them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost little little little little little little
They're in the street every day in the street -- in the streets in the street.
They use a universe in many cities.
You know when you expect it.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of advice.
The flow that keep us down to us from our own destinists, our own defenses, and that flow always has to keep a way or another.
One day after the 11 of 1990, I heard the group of a kind of record region in the street -- I would go to my little son and I had a man who was going down and there was a man doing his protection of paper as it made it all the military.
And I tried to figure out how to do his work that day in particular day, but I began to take it.
And I looked at it and just she looked at me, and he said, "We're going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And after that after that I started to research the research of resistance and I went back to that man.
It's called Park, we worked together and many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our buildings to reduce the way that we are in this planet as a species we need to be involved and have to realize all the costs -- even the very real human cost in the hand.
The modern researchers, what we think about when we talk about basis, they represent three percent of the amount of research of the nation.
It is a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see to someone whose work is to clean the base of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our common life to make part of the environment where the architecture is born from the conditions and local treatment.
Today, I brought two recent projects like this.
But both projects are sitting in emerging countries -- one in Earth and the other in Tunisia.
And as they share the fact that the different animals from different people will become an essential part of the end of the article work.
And the first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of a lot of a lot of search in the capital of Earth, Alexander Alexander.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design to.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the way.
After you see some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to save it.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost values because they have very big teachers where people can't give the light to buy things.
Second, you need to put a lot of energy because the revolution with crisis will get heat in the interest -- so it's need a lot of environment.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the whole year.
And in third of the third place, it doesn't have nothing to do with Africa or Eastern and East.
It's a piece of transportation of a place as rich in culture.
In our first visit to Earth, I was really carbon with the old market that is this structure to the air air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small seasons.
There is also that idea of using the public space to generate outside activity to generate it.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model of a lot of steps, including these principles themselves.
The next challenge was asked to identify the site, which is based on a much growth of the city in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they don't exist.
And it's also between two white streets that don't communicate in a experience of hundreds of thousands of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all of the building of the building.
And this is spread with an anti-acceleration attack that creates a space in the building in the building that comes up with their own form of the sun.
And around this space we've invented the idea of the market with small business -- which changes in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that will respond to local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a similar trial to an approach of anti-signal approach to allow the air to allow the air to allow the air to allow the air.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful benefits of the statements of the statements.
They have the protection of the favorite generation, and this helped me move the face.
We are building that with these little pieces of presentations that are the sensors that let the air and the light in a control of the inside of the building.
This is called with these little colors of colors that use the light of the building in the building to apply the building at night.
And with these ideas that was not easy to convince the development because they thought, "This is not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we asked.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market was a much more remarkable than the food center because at the end of the community in the end of the community because in the end of the control in the time.
And the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in compared to the life, but also because it was no longer need to have an air air.
And so we got some charges in the budget that we use to identify the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put physicians on the street.
And then under those patterns we think about the ground as a new public space with areas and banks that will create this urban passion.
And these guys in the box, which in the world will get water for the streets of the interest of the inside of it.
You expect for the early year of the next year, because we're going to go through the bottom of building it.
And the second example is a plant of 200 dollars and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Tunis, but also to its environment, its treatment and culture.
And during that audience I put special attention in the middle -- a 1,000 years of ancient that I was surrounded by a wall with a death of access to be connected by the almost recently.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was that we were going to take the streets -- by creating 12 white blocks in size and chances that there is in Barbare and other cities in Europe with these papers.
In addition to that, we have a few extra dots in relationship to the idea of the doors in the idea of the recent lines, and this moved the initial model.
And the last choice was to think about the cells, the little cell of the project, as the approach, as a social part of the blood plan of it.
I thought, what would it be the best organ for a depression in the medical climate climate?
And it's North, because it creates a typical difference.
So we had a status that makes sure that most of the applications are perfect in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blogs with papers, and then on the bottom we have all the conditions for the people.
And they also respond to the local rules that are going to take a greater density in the top of the surface levels and a less destiny on the bottom of the low planet.
And it also represents this idea of the doors.
The box, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to break to the community that we have to be able to put out of the construction.
It's where all the neighbors -- they can go up and do it -- and make activity as well as to run a two miles for the morning, or get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same time that they grow the building.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look for architecture looking for simple solutions for simple solutions -- which improve the relationship between the community and the environment.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child came back to our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new girls in it.
It was very large a little bit of a very brilliant point and a little story of lines, and it was sure it was strong for the state of the states -- very good for the statements.
And I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I took my own.
One day I had a time after the school came out of the school. It was a little bit later, and I found me in the battle of the girls of the girls.
When the cost was destroyed, I went into the classroom room -- I took the table of my teachers the baby of cartoonists.
And then I did.
And I was able to go up in my rate, just a bit, just a little bit like this.
So all of the States.  And I was willing to go back to the book at the career. But to see, some of my other companies were very good as well.
So in a fraction, I cut the news all over the world, without any imagine.
And I put them to all of them from David and myself in the way that I just would be there, because I could be able to be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good at it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I had never taken me.
It was that it was all the obvious thing.
They never found me.
But about all, I get the reason for the reason that I showed me that this guy, so small -- it was so good for you.
And I get into the cells.
They are so familiar and so strange.
We know that babies come out of cells.
And also the prisons. The blue birds are very protected.
We know that cells are the number one number one in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that goes up the sun or the long data or the short.
And so you have to go to the factor, because the neuroscientists are like the lab in the way you study the cells in all of their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it's an electron to say that if there was no cells, there would be not literally.
Well, there was no Higgs interview, no "The "The increase?
There would be no clothes -- no an and a night?
There was no Stanford.
They were going to get out the list of high school school, because we would be losing "The Ray and the Force, there would be no Googles.
No cells, there is no Project. I know it's in a way to say it has the answers for all, and in the middle of the cells, almost that you have all of them.
This year is about 100 years of his work at the time of the time -- "I look for the longer time -- the most successful study of the sexual cells, and also from the infinite computer, I mean, everything that we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sense -- right?
And we think about a child trying to get the dream up.
We think about a distributed magic in you in your front of them.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virginia Wall said were as hard as a garden stage.
I don't know how it is, but I don't know what it is, but we're supposed to be sure.
Let's see why they go so well together, the name and the cells, the cells and Project.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells -- that they get back to the person, to their desire to their entrepreneurs, are a not a national national basis.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone when we think about what happens when we feel class.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be at the time and audience, we know exactly what they have to be able to do -- to raise the galaxy, right?
And the cells do all of us who are able to make all of us advanced, and that is something that looks at it.
All of what she does to give me to put it to the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story -- and since the time, he says that every single love that Singapore destroyed in his love -- it goes back to its private interview in its private camera in his private camera camera today.
You have to accept that Simi and Project, they were just clearly.
You know, the Parks would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are attacks.
It is a huge emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are born from information.
The cells use the details use them.
The cells like the big amount of beautiful oil and a little bit of linear and small stores.
The cells are born from the pictures of them.
This is why Indian is so successful --                       And it looks like the light language with the classrooms.
When Einstein is in his car support, I hear behind the door and survival to the feelings of their love -- then they define those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is relatively, but it's not different to the inside of an ancient text or to look at a mother.
He says, "It's scientific research with real value, intelligent.
And I think it's trying to show that the cells are going to look like, and they make us look like, but in their table, they are support of knowledge -- it is kind of about the truth -- a real definition.
The data, the humanity, the leadership, and these were the ones to the San Project.
He says, "You know, women who we need -- which makes us suggest that it makes us suggest that we have a lot of feeling much more deep and visual man than a man who can be interested?
We are telling us that we're going to look at women creature?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells are getting us to ourselves.
And there is some other economy that makes us open up in this such particular way.
There is some other emotions to get us up with our advance, our anti-stage and our rights?
Some other emotions that taught us to look at it as pretty strange?
And I was writing about this longer than this.
One day, French was seen by a very short young man who was connected with the idea that his woman was going to.
And French says that there was something strange in that man, which was not looking at what his wife did like.
So she was incredibly incredibly incredibly in the world.
The political poor was under sustainability without any case.
But he was looking for things that did his wife, without going to tell you, individual behavior.
It suggests too much of them -- or it is a character of accountability with a man.
He said that the man was becoming the cost of the sense of his wife of his wife, his wife,
The neighbors are very good at this.
The neuroscientists describe very well how the cells do that are going to look at it, but without presentation.
And in fact, the more you are in fact, the more we are more and the more we become responsible to the fast.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells take us to do violence or illegal act to do.
The cells are going to make us share in a completely including way.
Now I'm thinking about me case at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael 1950s, was changed to have created a factor in Facebook from which it was sent up visual messages to itself for a year.
For a year. All of a year.
She was trying to get up to the new note of his extra expensive expensive. I have to trust that when or this, you can do it.
Because we are realistic.
What a huge thing, even though it's constructed, right?
It's like notion.
As a Mars Park Stanford.
Honorals is one of my favorites.
She is a very strange and a wonderful thing from the American line.
This is the Arab attack in a Transition, and "The Top Santa Laboratorians, books that are trying to be about how the cells, and once we are in the scene -- and once we are in the spectrum, the goal that I know is what it might be, it can be perfect in an instant.
Let's take to take Taliban Rockets, its most famous character here.
I took Roman is going to want or want what you have to take up from your being and get out of what you've ever got in, and it is under the floor -- it takes your name -- you take your banks, you take your bankers on your bankers.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the room of take Rome.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as sometimes I'd like to be.
It's a little little line, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good citizens of social media where the question is the vision? Right?
The neighbors show us the room? I'm not sure it.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they are not sure when they are in a mission.
Let's go to the 2011 Bang Standard and ask me by Shanghai Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywoods, you think about the magic that we think about the Mars Mars, that critical genome of it.
But I have always been presented by the Stanford Spanish, the face face of San Francisco that needs Hollywood Decembers, you need the genome of Hollywoods, but he was supporting.
And I get so familiar to me.
And Lester needs their help -- but I research it, and it responds to love in the each one of the missions.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Albary Anderson of the States Santa, once I was going to go down to all with his solution -- Lester goes back to Hollywoods and says, "We are not called Berties.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in San Francisco who didn't want to take your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transportation in history. It looks like this very exciting. That's also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a general problem, no emotional problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next minute are the same side.
And of course, Lester is allowed to take that idea of being him the responsibility.
It could still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a general issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the exception of the other.
We can get up with it.
But I just like the politics of it.
So as we hope that we spend that, we remember that we have the fact that we have the fact that we are going to get to them.
Just the distribution of the charts of the cells.
The fact that I used to do the distributions, they invited them to the table.
And look at what he stopped -- the Spanish Lester, the Arab Talk Tanzania, the local Stanford, the same Mars Project.
We are in the extra company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The age of 1990 1990s, Bronx Albary went out of the Monterey claim of the Sun 11 and a half percent of the Mars Mars.
And Alexander and Alexander were just just about it, but their pressure in the surface of the surface.
The Alaska program was the biggest movement in time in the history of the U.S.
So to get to the Camera, NASA spent about 100 billion dollars of today, or about four percent of the filter business.
The Alasth was working on about 400 people and I asked the colleague of 20 companies and communications and access of the government.
They died people, including the Elite Alasthentine.
But before the South Alastheon program.
They decided to walk on your surface of the Albary after the American death of Arabia last year, is now the most anti-acceleration.
So why did they do?
They did not bring a lot of the back, 1970s, and something that the 24 percent of them would make a new sense of the small and the factory of our common home.
Why did they do? The critical answer is that they were because the President Kenya wanted to show the supply, that this nation had better careers.
But the own words of Kenya in the University of rich in the University of the Richard in the University give us a better idea.
John Forth." Kenya, some ask -- why is the Cambodian Congo?
Why would we become our goal?
And they could also ask you, why would you take the most high mountain."
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Alasthentine."
Why did I play Richard against Texas?
We choose to go to the Camera.
We choose to go to the Camera.
We choose to go to the Cameron in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
James Pole, for the consumers, the Albary was not just a virus of the West on the World War at the War.
In the time, the most strong emotions was the market of the power of the technology.
They were because it was a great power to do it.
The land in the Cameron happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century -- it was made out of the police and it gets the virus.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be a protection of 1990s called "The extra strategy.
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a hole, or a bar with the wall, but in 1997, the Australia 1990s went to 40 miles a day to 40 miles a day.
Since 1990, no human being back to the Camera.
No one has gone faster than the Australian Audience -- and the choice of the power of the technology of technology.
I remember looking at the Stephen 1950s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the stage of the stage called the San Francisco Cambri.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that was something about our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard that for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies had given us and they had been serious with traditional planes, things like iPhones, and the statistics and social media -- or analysis that are going to take the support sentence.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have looked at our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity as well.
What happened?
There is a public explain in San Valley, which is that they have created less amazing companies than those of the years in which the years of the years.
Virgin Valley says that the market is the colleagues, in the way, the income that cartoons of risk are going to get to the companies.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk risk is going to change the creation of traditional ideas by the end of incredible problems or even fascinating problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough enough.
It takes greater than it goes wrong in San Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their pollen point without worried about the risk -- they would have little investments that they could go back in 10 years.
The Chinese has always had problems to invest in technology in technology as energy -- which needs an enormous capital and whose development is long at the developing development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a magnificent value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and professionals.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But I'll go to Mars to do a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems are going to do.
Today, less than two percent of the world of the global power of energy energy source of religious energy source like solar and the blood -- less than two percent.
The carbon and natural gas are bigger than solar energy and flow and the oil is higher than the balance.
We want source of alternative energy that can be able to buy in price -- they don't exist.
Now, the technologies, the companies and the economists are agree about what policy and international treatment is to send the development of an alternative energy -- more -- a huge meaning in research, and some kind of control of the career.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international trying to represent that question.
Sometimes the big problems that they seem to look like.
We know from the time that humans are the result of the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that humans are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
The technology can improve things like the cards or the systems for the status and the statement of food, but there will be hospitals while there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes put a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The President Nigeria would give him the war to the cancer, but we soon found out that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of the transparent resistance to treatment -- and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatment and visual treatment treatment and visual treatment treatment and visual treatment treatment and visual treatment treatment and visual treatment treatment and visual treatment treatment and
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we know, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution.
The Middle East, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- it goes out with those crisis.
But it's a probability model in the future.
We're not in 1994.
There is no black company like in the World War -- there is no policy like John Kenya -- which is going to be hard and distance, and there is not a particular microscope of science as the solar system.
In general, I'll go to the Cameron turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I really didn't even have any problem.
We are just in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get it.
God knows that we don't give us the challenge.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start giving you the ideas that are on the control that they have about trust it.
They are so common that they have become terms of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a lot of disconnection of trust -- it's a very cool brain.
The second is a goal? We should have more confidence.
And the third is a task -- we should be able to remember the trust of it.
I think the grandmother, the goal and the task has been wrong.
So what I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task -- that I think it gives a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it may have been distributed in some activity or institutions and that could have gone up in others.
I don't have it.
But I can give you the statements of conservation, and the consumers of chance are still the source of the belief that the trust has been discussing.
When you look at the statements in the time over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered about 20 years ago, and they are mostly protecting and policy -- they keep inspired by the same discovery.
And the people who were very constructive about 20 years ago, they still have a lot of conservatives, young disasters.
The rest is in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly at half a way.
But this is this enough.
And what you have to do is that you have to be able to get out of what you have to do, of course, officers.
What else can you record?
What they look at is the genetic activity that people are moving when you get certain questions.
Is it continued to be politically continuously.
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Come in the regions?
Control in the personality.
Computers in the principles of principles?
You probably start to ask me, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have told your question: "Well, I trust some of them -- but in other not.
What is very wonderful.
In the way, in real life, we tend to define the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of disconnection -- it works or kind of person -- it's going to be used in all of the case.
I could say, for example, I would say that I put up in a certain piece of prison that I know to give up the kind of law -- but in any way to reduce the school microbes of the school.
After all, I could know that it was not a good conference.
I could think of my friend later to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we going to leave all of that knowledge when we think about the context in the more acceleration?
And I think the statistics are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to open the good job to the fact that we have to trust something or somebody else.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more conference.
I think, I think it's a kind of strange.
This is not the goal that I would see.
I would stop to have more trust in what it is, but it's not what it is.
In fact, I'm a lot of not to trust what it's not constructive.
And I think that those people who decided to do with the very exciting thing called Mr. Mars, that I went up with them, I think about them, I think of them, and I think, yes, they were too controlled.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It consumes destructions or negative with intelligence -- that's the right goal here.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, it means that what it matters in the first place is not the conference, but the conference.
And what it's about to do is make a job about how control is the people in the designers of it.
And I think to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on three things.
Are they complex. They're honest." They're responsible?
And if we found that one person is common in the personal materials. And it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be declined of conference.
But yes, by the way, they're not responsible to it, we could not trust them.
I have friends who are complex and hospitals, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the right, because they are adviser.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they are supporting their own compassion.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are complex and responsible but extremely disconnected.
If it looks like this, I don't have been perfect.
But that's what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to play out.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build a lot of questions for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions -- professionals, and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to one part and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the advanced paper that will be able to take the part of the party.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is an industrial system that the research system that is available to make the trust and the confidence of conflict, is actually doing the opposite of it.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do hard task -- like the parts -- to give them that "show the cardiacs, as we say.
I sure all of you know what you know about similar example.
All of that, all of that, all of that.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we tried to be distribution of trust and we're going to transform the people that we are, and if we try to determine if other people and political or policy are decisions of conference.
It's not easy to be easy. It's the justice, the simple, the accessible, what it doesn't be done for.
In third of all, the task of it.
It will call the task to get the conference, put the things to the restaurant.
It suggests that you and I should be able to be able to break the trust up.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can pick up a little bit of it.
We can do it if they're two people -- together, trying to improve it.
But the conference, in the way, is different because the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bacteria so that they can trust you.
You have to be denial design.
And that, of course, is because you can't afford it, by the way, all of the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be declined of consumption.
How do you do it?
That makes a day, everywhere. It makes the common people, the functions, the institutions -- the instruments that are very environment.
Let me give you a simple example.
The standard is where I bought my songs to say that I can get them up without giving them a company.
I take them up and get the money, or they change them for the color that I want to.
That's stuff. And I think of them because they became fly to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you turn it back to the other hand, that's a very good test that you are decided of trust and you have trust in what you're saying you're saying you.
So at the end, I think what we're paying is not really hard to draw it.
In what people trust it is in the relationships -- and in that time, you can decide when and how the other person is decided to trust it.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers we have been forced to reduce the space between us and the digital information, the spectrum between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be.
This sense has been reduced, more and more and more and more, as a point that today is less than one meters -- the hope of the violence of a technical screen and the power of information has become access to all.
But I ask me, and if there were no banks."
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space -- so that when the printed principles against the screen.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the creatures can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
And so with this tool you get the banks.
But the two hands stay still out of the screen.
How do you get to the interest and interact with digital information using all the spectrum of the hands.
In the December of Michael School School, I put up with my mind Carl Bangladesh, and I spent the computer and brought a little space on a digital area of work.
And by looking at a vision with the professional cameras in order to detect the fingers and the face now you can pick up the hands of the telephone, to get the inside of the 3D space -- and take them directly on the hands.
As the sensors and the architects have a character in the real space, you will get them as easy as to take a book of a standard.
You can put the book and make lines or words or words with the visual feeling that there is under every single screen.
The architecture can be able to go up or break their mom directly with the hands.
In these examples -- we go into the digital world.
And if we invented the patterns and we make the digital information come towards us?
And I mean, many of us have bought and recorded things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual protection on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transformation when the system can understand your body.
If we take this idea later, I thought, instead of just looking at particles in space, how can we make them physical so that we can get them and feel it?
How would it be a future like this?
In the Middle East, I was with my European House and my collection Restaurant Pough, we created this only physical paradox.
And this successful impact is shared as a 3D piece in space in space, which means that the computer can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
You know, what we did was we did the graph and control the movement through a combination of manifestation -- mechanical economic and democracy and destructions.
And when you protect the object. We read it from the researchers of time and space -- which means that human movements can go back and go back and go back in the physical world.
You can teach the physical contrasts and the famous and the famous task of Michael John can be represented as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complex concept as the movement of the planets -- the physics -- and at the bottom of the monkeys or the books.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that tells us that we have to focus on our world.
We started the talk today I'm talking about a balloon, but if we put that bank, the only line that is our imagine.
Thank you.
And I was brought up to turn it down for two years in Huncle, China, in the 1980s, in the 1980s.
When I was in the first group, the government wanted to bring up a school for all of the paradigm particles.
But my mother took said, "No, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering as them.
And then to survive the culture of cultural revolution -- they believed that there was only a short way to happiness -- a safe job and a sense of responsible.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a chart of China.
So this was me, in my picture of me.
A little bit of person has to start trying to try and learn from very young to learn the arms, so I tried everything that I could to go to school.
So until I wrote to the direction of school and the present of a robotic program.
But at any adults I had the idea.
No adult took me in serious me.
Just my friends were supposed to me, but they were children -- no authority, like me.
So it was the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to try to go.
My dream would never be done.
It turns out, that during the rest of my life a second class was the only thing that I could do.
And this was so incredible.
So I turned out to look for another value.
No one to my around wanted to teach me, Okay.
I remember the books.
"Charter College, "Sea County County.
The ones who were born in China, of course.
"The good Earth is about the Chinese language.
And it's not protected by conservation. Instead.
The Bill is interesting -- but it is.
That's a issue for another day.
But the stage for me was a restaurant, "Hey "Look at your father and your mother.
"Hey, I said to me, "It's so different, and much better than they will do?
So it became my tool to come out of this transportation of control and to reduce the relationship with my parents with my parents.
I found it with a new culture as well.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning of this map it seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
Japanese had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is the perspective of people.
The complicated lesson is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the active world.
There are all the research of research as a computer religion and complicated line.
I would compare and control, it gives you a more profound understanding of a time.
And I thought that if the complicated law would work to figure out why it will not do it in the facility life.
So I began to read books of two.
They can try with people who are the French French French, from National International French, from David Monterey who was involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
For the Criminal, techniques are economic -- political and spectrum.
So for Boston, they're all political -- little land, fear and the social story.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books.
"The walk of Charles Twitter, Thomas Mars "The way of the Times, Alas Washington. Instead of thinking about it in transparency, I found that you can get a lot of it.
For example, it's through the treatment that I realized that the hard in China literally means fast. James?
And "No "The Chinese in Chinese literally means new mother?
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present of the past.
I know I'm not going to come out to feel just to feel about it or impossible.
It will have a really complicated dream that is not really compared to what a lot of other people have been surprised.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come in, where the passion comes from.
It can be able to do that for you.
And it's because of the books today that I'm here today -- happy -- living again with the purpose and the most of the time.
So the books are always applied.
Thank you.
Thank you  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first kind of protection.
I was a public student in clinical policy in Ben.
She was a 20-year-old woman called Albary.
Ala I went to the first stage by using vaccines and a short shore, he was going to take up in the front of my office was taken up and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so clear.
My class of class had a plane as a first clinic.
And I took a vision that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it.
But I didn't did.
With the Chinese stories that Albary came to the sensors, I became easy to move the head while we knew the solution.
"The transportation is the new vision, he said Alexander, and so I would see, she was right.
You start working after later, you have children later, to the death goes after that.
So for visions like Alexander and I had time to know.
But a little bit later, my husband was ready to be able to be able to be able to be able to talk about his life life.
I was responding.
I said, "Well, it's going on with kinds of households under his card, and you get it up with a head, but it's not like if I went to go up with him.
And then my husband said, "You still don't know, but maybe you go up with the next one.
In fact, the best time to work in the Mars of Albary is before you have them?
This is what proteins call a moment "Look."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel head after what it was used to, but this didn't make the 20 percent of us were a paper in their development in their development.
And this made that the 200 of Alexander were the perfect moment and we were destroying.
And so I realized that this kind of black black was a real problem, and he had real consequences -- not just for Albary and his life life, but for the cars, the families and the future and the future of everyone else.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you consider no one to go to the adult without going on before the 2000.
They take your hand if you're in their 20 percent.
I want to see the villages of here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with views, they love a video, you take the dream a video, I want to see. It's good.
This is not just my option. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments -- that they give her life to have happened to when they have 30 and so many and so much.
You know, people from over 40 people are not going to go into the police.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that they will win with.
We know that more than half the Americans are happening, they live or they're going on with their future for the 30 years.
We know that the brain will end up their second and last piece of growth in their 20 and a half percent of them that means that if there's something that wants to change themselves -- now it's the moment to change it.
We know that people changed more times during their 20 than any other time in life, and we know that the fundamental fundamental comes to the 21st to the 21st, and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to affect your body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and spinal in the brain.
It's a moment in which your life and common life has a medical impact in the person that will be turned in.
But what we don't listen to it is that there is something called an adult development and our 200 are a critical moment in the adult development developing developing development.
But this is not what the violence are listening to.
The doctors talk about changes in the line of the adult of the adult.
The researchers call the 20 and a half percent.
The pictures are going to take a little bit of records like the bees like Bibles and "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The biomissions.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have been considered what it actually is the decade that is the decade of the adult.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when you give him a sea on the head and tell you, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen anything.
They went back to that person the sense of the original sense and the activity and it doesn't happen at all.
And then all of the days -- incredible increases, interesting like you or their children and children get to my office and say something like this, "I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing time, but this relationship does not tell me.
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30 -- everything will be okay.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 200 are going to end up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better correct the day that I got from construction?
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My city during the 20 were like the game.
They all run out and they get fun -- but then at some point around the age of 30 -- it would take the music and they all started to feel it.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be passed, so sometimes I think I went up with my wife because he was the most close one when I was 30.
Where are the views here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but they don't happen, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30 -- there's a huge pressure to the transportation and so many of them to start a car, to choose a city, to choose a part, and have two children in a very short time of time a much more short period of time a much more short period of time a much more short period of time in a much
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are researchers that start to show -- which is much more difficult and extraordinary to do everything in the 3000.
The crisis of half a political age is not about buying cars right now.
This is what you realize you can't have the face you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
There are a lot of terrorists and contrasts you see themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about her 2000, "What was I doing?
I want to change what the violence are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Tomor.
At the age of 25, I came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity -- having a crisis of identity here.
He said that he would like to work on art or in the entrepreneur, but you still couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a letter.
And as it was more back, I lived with a neighborhood that showed more fear than activation.
And instead of living about a few very difficult life, his life has been even more difficult.
And I went up in our sensors, but then he was going to put it up to say, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose their friends, but it can choose their friends.
Well, one day I came up with his head on his legs and it takes for almost all the time.
I just bought a new line for direction, and he had spent all the morning to get it up with his lots of controls, but then he was looking at the blood space that goes after the words in the case of emotions, please.
I was at the point of the story when I saw and said, "What is going to be for me if I have an activity access.
Who is going to take me if I give me cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work that I was a lot of work and I would not say, "Me?
And what I needed was not a terrorism that was really concerned about it.
And I needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Albary as to just feel as the decisions of English was going on.
So for the next weeks and months, I told him about three things that all of you, man or woman -- it does know know.
First of all, I said to love that you would forget from that crisis of identity and get an identity of identity.
And by identity of identity -- I mean to do something that comes value to his person.
I do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Albary career, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this -- a capital of identity will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest of that company that they want to try to.
I'm not looking at the exploration that I am looking at the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's present.
I told him to Electron to explore work and make them tell them.
Second, I told myself that the urban workers are surprised.
The best friends are extraordinary to take the attack, but the violence that you get together with friends with similar minds in the way you know who you know, what you know, how you think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out of the way to go out of the top of their current crisis.
The new things come out of what they're called the film friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of the violence have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and the trillion dollars are the form of color to this group.
The half of the work is never positive -- then to know the head of your window is the way to get a work not published.
It's not going to be able to make the science of how information is going on.
And the last but not less important, he believed that you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was going to be able to pick up his family -- when I got a piece and form his own family.
I said to me that the time to choose his family had come out.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel that the 20 or even 25 and I'm going to agree with you.
But I will choose the person that you live now or you take you now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk up to the strange is not progress is not progress.
The best time to work in your map is before you have it, and that means to be as important as you are in the work.
You can choose your family to be a aware choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with who you get them to you.
So what about Mexico?
Well, we went back that direction -- and she found the company of a picture that I was working on a group of art in another state.
This child can help him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the name with the living I lived in.
Now, five years later, it is kind of a special electronic organism.
This house with a man who made aware of it.
And I love his new career, love his new family -- and I sent up a letter that he said, "You know, the computer spaces are not enough enough.
The story of Embassor can be easy, but that's what I love to work with visions.
It's very easy to help it.
The violence are like advice that comes out of the army of the North Bush, which comes to some place of the state.
Just before the set of the sea, a little bit of the transportation in his treatment does the difference between the age of Alaska or in French.
In the same way, at the same way, and at the age of 25 and even at the age of 2010, a good conversation -- a good design, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
This is my idea of discovered all the violence you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell August.
It's what I now have the product to tell you like East every day -- the trees are not the new 2000, and they get their adult, and they use the characteristic of identity -- they use your family.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very successful work in a global conference for a work that was even more excited.
I was going to show you mathematics to some of the security security in New York City.
And as any professor, I put extra and tests.
I gave you tasks.
When the work came back, I was able to get the cartoons.
And what was called the attention was that CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better decided they had no posters from Christian.
Some of my most intelligent kids were not going to be so good.
And that asked me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in a giant service, safe -- they're hard -- professions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these consequences are not impossible and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough.
After a number of years later, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the Chinese, but what happens if you have success in school, and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy.
So I left the classrooms and I went to the college to turn it into psychology.
And I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of distribution schools, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Albary Michael Web.
And we try to predict what countries are going to stay in the military training and who will be represented.
So we went to the National National Conference and we tried to predict what kids will go up with the most possible thing in the computer.
We studied teachers working in really difficult back, asking you what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students of their students.
We are associated with private companies -- ask you, what of these regions are going to keep your work of work with the work.
And who is going to make more money, and who is going to get more money, and who's going to get more money.
In all of those very different connections -- it came up with a characteristic as an image of success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence.
It wasn't the good experience, the physical health.
It was definition.
The decision is passion and present to get very long at the long time.
The decision is to have research.
The decision is to take your future, day after day, not only for the week not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The decision is to live life as if it was a market, not a career to all of them.
A few years ago, I began to study the decision in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high school students that were doing my designers and then I hope about more than a year to see who they were going on.
It turns out that the kids with more decide had a lot more likely to give up, even when you compare them in every care that I could measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the straight engineers, even the security that they feel when they were in school.
And so it's not only in New York or in the National Contrast of DNA in which they care about definition. It's also in school, especially for the kids in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little bit that we know -- the little thing that you know about your development on their development of it.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop the decision in the kids."
What should I do to teach kids a similar subject of work.
How do I keep them money for the long piece?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the story doesn't give them a detector.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of individual individuals that are simply not going to be able to go up with their competitions.
In fact, in our data, the common development is not relationship or it's even related to the measurements of it.
And now, the best idea that I've heard about develop in children is something called medical medical metal.
This is a developed idea in the University of San Parkinson's University -- and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not to learn that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Descript has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to lose when they do, because they don't believe that that family is a performance conversation.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop determinists.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my discussion, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to make it, to be able to start all of new with the lessons learn with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be decided to make our kids get more defending.
Thank you.
And I grew up in Thomas as the daughter of a charge, one of my most amazing researchers is my mother showing the beauty -- the form and the fire of Chinese careers.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a surgeon, it seems to be as impossible as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been asking me if I can draw this moon, so that it is that I want to understand and predict the beauty of this language.
I started thinking about how a new and a quick thing to learn Chinese could be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be useful to be
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw every single one of the cards in the right.
I learned new factors every day during the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese act will understand 20 thousand dollars.
You only need a thousand to understand basic advances.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic line -- enough enough to read statements of transportation, and to understand the basic idea of the website or personality.
Today, I'm going to start with eight to show you how it works.
Are you literally."
They open up their box as much as it is possible until it is possible.
They get a chart.
This is a person who is going to give a happen.
person.
If the form of the fire is a person in both side, as if I was short from frankly, "The "Chinese -- "I'm going to be a survival of the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree here.

This is a mountain.
The sun.
The classroom.
The subject of the door looks like a couple of dollars in the old steel.
And I call these eight cards.
They are building buildings so that they believe a lot of mathematics.
A person.
If someone walking back, that's to get to them.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would be their arms -- this person is saying it was like this.
The person inside the bond, the person is wrong.
It's a prison, as well as John inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a band under the tree -- we have the food.
They put a bond on the tree -- that's an entire story.  So easy to remember -- because a terrible tree is a lot of it.
Do you remember the fish?
Two fish together, it makes a very bad thing.
Three fish together, that is a lot of calls together.
They put the field under the two trees -- that's going to be.
For us, the sun is the source of profession.
Two sounds together -- protecting.
Three together, those are designers.
They put to the sun and the local classroom together, that's the bacteria.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horse.
You put a door on the door in the door -- is the cross of the door -- is the correct of the war.
They put a chart inside the door -- ask questions.
Take, I took somebody in home.
So this person is coming out of a door of a door -- starting up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovered.
Three women together, they have access to be adult.
So we've already happened for almost 30 percent.
When you use this method -- the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 30 percent.
The next group of eight degrees will build another 30 percent.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese Chinese Chinese.
So after you know the characters, we started creating fractions.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a financial mountain.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun with the origin, because Japan is at this of China.
So one sun next to the origin, we created Japan -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan -- what do we have.
A paradigm person.
The card on the left are two years ago, one on the other.
In the old China, that means in exception, because the Chinese companies would spread to their political environments beyond the mountains.
Today, the exploration has become going out.
So a bond that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a device to remember that I should stop talking to you and go out of the stage. Thank you.
What I think about being dad is the film I get to see.
I love to share my favorite film with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Mars of Old.
The film died their imagination for months.
His favorite character was General, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a brilliant search and take a magic value.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to understand that it's extraordinary one.
Now we live and we create our kids in a kind of industrial complex spectrum of financial fields.
And yet, Mars was a science in itself.
I didn't start that trend of it.
The trend really took a few years later with it, completely another film whose proteins, a guy of metal and a dangerous guy who went back to a girl set up to a sentence of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two people, there are a couple of big differences between the Mars and all the film that we see today.
One is that there is a little bit of violence in the Mars Mars.
The monkeys are quite additionally, like the mountains.
But I think that if I think of Olympic the mountain was made today, the magnitude would say, "Do you are the sand of OK as the professor of it.
You use magic shorts to address the army generations of the market market.
But that's not what happens.
The other thing of the Mars Mars is that the most expensive characters and even birds are women.
And I started to notice this when I was looking at San Wars to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son as well.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the service level had come down --    So he got down in the room and I was presented as a mom with his papers behind his panels, and I don't think he would understand what happened -- but I don't think he would understand it.
I asked me what it was.
They would be value of value and performance and laboratory.
I would have the sense that Lincoln is one of a rain to discuss the government?
So let's share this with the Mars of 1980s.
How do you get David your movie?
I do good friends with all and being a line.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow up, right? And not a world of men who fight -- which is where we are.
Why is there so much called Christian force, force in the film for our children, and so little from the way of the bird background.
There is a lot of line about the impact of massive violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids reaction to this.
And I know for experience that the Leader Lester doesn't provide the right market that would have been sent to win for the world of the adults that is missing.  I think that at the time of the first person, I really hope that the creatures started to get out because it's the end of the film, right?
My forest has done, I have note.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focus on the book and they will get their remember, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other arms.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of expensive, and it will define the early Princes for any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though them, the kids are not really their open public audience.
They make a financial work when I teach the girls how to stop the pattern, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few big women who write new stories for our children, as real as Heart and Kansas, but they don't stop being a war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time.
until many of you are thinking about, this year, I finally came out.
And I remember it all of you. It's already available at all.
Do you remember what the critical came out when I came out Valley."
I can't believe that Pipe has made a film of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let me get the detail?
Well, almost none of these film is going to be the Green Test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not been ready and they have been protected, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
And Albary Browne is a characteristic distribution, and at the middle of the years, I had a conversation that had had with a friend of the film of the film that they saw it.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie -- there are more than a female character that has lines.
So you have to get the research.
These women talk to each other.
Their conversation are about something more approach of the guy that you like to do --  -- OK?  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
I have seen it, and I have seen it, and yet I see it in the center we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality of a very good quality -- Alas.
Right?
Probably it doesn't go up with Brazilian Test.
And I don't think it was because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in a bottom where men and women are running up during the crisis of the restaurants.
We have a lot of men of men who have deep conditions and disconnected in this science, and it's the big moment for one of the atmosphere to take a look at the door and say, you come to the face, career?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2010, from the 100 more popular molecules -- how many of them think they have starting proteins.
All right. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there is a bigger number that this is going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been successful sensitive ever in their life.
I don't think it is the computer of the massive entrepreneurs.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the music videos or physician are really straightforward, but something wrong -- and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual advances.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What don't you have to learn.
They are looking at the story that says that the role of a male man is to break up to violence with violence and then turn the research, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
We are starting that story.
You know, as a father with the private of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very straight statistics, and we want to be able to get them out.
We have the tools to our device as a poster power, and we hope that it helps you, but I have to ask you, you can be able to protect them -- at the same time, the same time, and we are educated to our children so that they keep your own manufacturing power.
I mean, I think the Line list is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean most of the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new democracy of man.
The definition of music is changing fascinated.
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home of the home and the attack.
Everything is changed.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of South America you know what I responded."
Okay.
Obama Kenya and life.
So what do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brilliant sense.
I think they are experts here.
I think these are the two people in those film that you know more than nobody else -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to it.
They are leaders there.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, and I find and fight only and more stories where his work is to go to a team -- maybe a team leading for women, to help other people improve and be better people, like Mars of Old.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like was to look to be looking to look at me in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that it would give me a lot.
But you know, it's hard to find these controls.
They are correct and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I was used to look at it.
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me to put them out.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Electricity, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, in English, my little plant in Mars had grown up to one of almost 12,000 miles of light together to the Nigeria.
And I had a lot of sea had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use starting images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infinite.
This is a place that is a place in the early Arab of the Egypt called Berkeley.
And the place, at the very simple time, it seems to be market, but when we use the infinity and we think about it using the farmer colleague, the place is going to look like a brilliant robot.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape that are produced by the building materials and the activity of the old protections.
I want to share with you how we have been used to be used to find a city English English, called England, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Electronic for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about 400 years ago.
The place was used in the Facebook, Electricity, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great resident of the ancient art art.
The elephants have always known that Islamic was based on some place close to the paradigms of the two regists that they built them, inventing within the red creatures here, but somewhere within this huge plastic plan of advance.
This area is huge about 50,000 miles for 44 miles for 4.
Before the Nigeria is right at the side of Israel and as it changed with time, it was brought up to this and he was collecting all the city.
So how do you find a city in a strange park?
I will try to find it to the land would be the equivalent to look for a hole in a passion, with the eyes and using balloon galaxies.
So we use the American data of NASA to make a map of the place.
We were able to see where it is.
But you can see more decided, and it's even more interesting -- this area is completely clear that you see inside the crisis here, that we think it could be the consumer of Israel.
So we built with the blood scientists doing standards -- you can see it here.
When I say shows -- it's like the issues of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we are looking at human characteristic.
five meters ago, under a group of color, we found a piece of carbon objects of characteristics.
This means that in this possible position of Italian, five meters ago, we have a kind of ability of several hundreds of thousands of years that are done from the Middle East, exactly from the same period that we think is England.
We also found workers of peace, controlled -- container and game, which shows that there was a piece of leaves.
This might seem to be not a lot of it, but when we think about the most common legs used in the Monserve Standards, these are the legs that were used together.
And so we have a piece of access that data from the Middle East in this place.
We also have an evidence of a legal legs that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still didn't find England here, but we will go back to the place in a very close future to fix it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to deal with young people in the use of the blood technology so that they can also be able to make great discovery discovery as well.
I want to figure out with my favorite quote from the Middle East, probably was written in Italian about 400 years ago.
It will share knowledge is most of all the values.
There's nothing like that.
So if you look like this, TED was not fundamental in 1997 ...
It made the ideas really started in 1994 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time.
It certainly put the search of markets in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to send you to your eyes.
So imagine in front of it outside the door of this home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that it's done.
Now they look at a group of obese obstacles in biologists.
They are building in a corner of biologists and they're going to be in the direction of the computer door.
I need to look at this.
They are starting strong -- they are starting to get a lot.
And they go up with the door of your house.
There are biologists coming around all of the parts -- records that go back to your side of the roots that end up in the opening places -- they put the door of the door -- they put the door of the door of the door -- they put the door of the door of the door put out of the door.
At the skin, the passion, or what you have to the other side of the door and look at the quality of light. The light light about the Monteress of Galapagos.
It's happening with the hand with the hand of the hand.
From his chair -- on a gentlemen, on a horse.
It's a horse that I'm talking about.
You can feel your blue phone making them in the north.
You can pick up the bank and countries that are about to stay on the bond.
They go through one side and train their room.
It's already in the room, and I use a little bit of his imagination -- imagine Brown Siminal Stanford.
This is a little bit of cold, short about his center of the center -- showing me Harry Barbare Morney Morney.
Now let me take you to the care.
The dream has been recorded with a wall of yellow streets and from the hospital comes towards you Darwin, the Man and the Leaders and the Lester of "The Mars Mars, she would take out of the hands -- she save you to you.
Okay. Take your eyes.
I want to tell you about a picture of a picture that is taken up in New York.
It's called the Medical Menging Medical Milk.
I went to cover this event a few years a few years a few years a few years ago as a scientific performance, waiting -- that this was like the end of a supermarket supply.
There were several men and a few days of different cities and different habits of hypothesis.
They were looking at hundreds of extra numbers -- looking at just once once again.
They died the name of tens of tens and tens of strangers.
They would make the whole issues in just minutes.
They start to see who I could be able to die with the order of a bank of a nation of nature.
And I thought, "This is incredible?
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the compassion.
So this is a man named Electronic College who had come from England and it has one of the best members that are going to be the best memories.
I asked him, "Hey, when you realize you were a survival."
I said, "I am not a know.
I actually have a average memory of it.
All of those people who make this company say they have normal memory.
We have been trained to do these microbes of memory by using a few ancient technical techniques -- invented 25 years ago in Grand, the same techniques that were used to measure their discoveries, and that the media activists used to make a meaningful books.
And my reaction was "Go." How did I have no heard of this.
We were standing out of the company of the company, and East, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- even though a little bit of except, he said, "They are an American protection, you are an American protection.
Do you know Brazil Standards."
And I said, "No, no, why is what?
Because I would like to show you to Brazil Siminal how to measure the order in a little bit of nature in a living laboratory in national television technology.
That would take the world that anyone can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not British September, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up going on most of the year in the next year -- not only by trying my memory -- but also, trying to understand how it works. Why sometimes doesn't work and what it can be their potential to be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's a presentation, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem.
And somebody incredibly transparent, but it was a window that allows us to see until what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is King Pennance. In he was used for the Dele Design in the Monterey Mars Mars.
We spent a step together in the public balloon of the Cambridge Lab Cambridge, and he died television garage.
And when I went back, I was a amount of treatment about the writing memory does something more than 2,000 years ago, in the Angeles and then in the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, at the Middle East, at the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, at the Middle East, and then in the Middle East, at the Middle East, and then in the Middle
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having the idea that this idea is to have medical memory and grow wasn't a thing as strong as you can see today.
A lot of time, people invest in their memory -- to provide their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you are still going to find people with this idea of this idea of a meaningful memory -- discovered and critical is this complex computer of memory today.
It's not so similar -- there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of research of the University of London invented to a group of memory fields to the lab.
They wanted to know that you have brains in some ways or strange or very different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
They are more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a college of controlled test, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and meaning between the brains of memory and the other control of control with them that they bought them.
When they put them in a massive machine machine.
In effect they used them, or they seem to use it, a part of the brain that including space memory and national memory memory now.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The turn of complex medicine is just like a card car in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the computers have to put the day.
This is my friend Ben President, three times.
In his school, in front of him, there are 30 strangers of non-profit nature that he's about to try to measure in an hour -- using a techniques that he invented and that only he died.
He used a similar techniques to measure the price of 1950 diagnosis charged bits.
In a half hour. Yeah.
And as there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these compassion, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that professions call completely completely completely.
It was increasing with a painting painting known as the "Paradox Park, and he says the next thing -- I tell two people who remember the same word -- I'm telling you that there's a man called Brazilian?
That is your stage.
And then I ask you, remember that there's a "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The story.
And when I got later, and I asked you to remember that word that I told you a room?
Do you remember what was it?
The person who was told that his name is Brazil is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person was told that his work is "The "The "The "principle.
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the Bangladesh name doesn't mean anything for you.
And with all of the other remember of your head.
But the word, "Well, we know paradox.
They use the white subjective subjects.
They have hardware in the hands.
They have good when they come home to work.
We probably know some paradigm.
And when we looked at that word for the first time, we started to put a lot of things to be able to feed them in some particular moment.
One of the most complicated technical techniques to do this data in the Middle City.
It's known as the "passion of memory.
The story says like this, there was a piece called Sicends who took a bank.
They had found it as an entrepreneur, because before, if you wanted to give a very good photograph, it didn't go to a DNA.
He got out of the fish, I got his memory of memory -- and he was saving, and so soon it was the room of the bank comes in, you know, the bank of the bank is collectively.
Let me get all of them.
But not only I killed them to all, but it was destroying the bodies to give them increasingly.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't be able to get the body.
A transportation behind the other.
Similarities, in the outside of it -- only survival, in the middle of the employees, cut your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every single invention.
I took the families in the hand to get them to where they were their beings who were wanted to be the statements.
And what Singapore came up at that moment is something that we all know about more or less enough, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember name or numbers of phone or intelligent numbers of our colleagues -- we have a visual memory and extraordinary space.
If you asked me to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sicks, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would take you if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the front side of the bottom in his skin, they would be able to look at it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the longer you want to remember -- the more crazy -- the more crazy and the impact is the image.
This is a content that comes out of more than 2,000 years ago, to the first treatment of memory -- in land.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invented to TED.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of your house.
And it will be a kind of kind of kind of implanted image -- crazy and increasing to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely incredible company.
And then you can imagine in your house, and see the Monteress of the God moving on Mexico.
And that will remind you that they want to introduce his friend East Cold.
And then they would look at Brazil September to remind you that amazing thing that they want to tell you.
And then you go into the career, and the fourth thing that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the radical arms died their differences -- I didn't word for words, which is going to trust it but typical per typical time.
In fact, the terrorist term, comes from the graduate "Computer, which means "Well."
It's a sensor of when people thought about the atmosphere and the restaurant with this kind of space of space terms of space.
The fraction of the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory room.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory companies and he had the idea of writing something except about this kind of complex medicine.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is an electronic effect.
It is like to see a lot of people sitting to a bunch of people who are sitting to experiments. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is moving up the front of it.
I'm a pressure and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it into his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I felt to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an old school of an old school bought in a market market.
And I found out that this was a serious transport.
Janes would have hope that it was.
I was attractive, because it wasn't just trying to train the memory alone.
What it really is about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these red images -- computers, professionals, increasingly, characteristics and increasingly increasingly, in the eye of the mind.
I got a lot with this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to be able to be able to be training for the memory company.
It is a couple of traces and a couple of dollars of correct correct with the time by leaving only two holes because the distribution is the worst energy of a memory.
I ended up coming back at the same context that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of present experimental experience.
I thought this could be able to make a good entrepreneur for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I get the context, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it is ready to be able to be able to measure distributions, and the phone numbers and phones -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just transportation.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it is not need to be able to build some of the memory of memory or to be able to be able to be a little bit of presentations about how their mind.
We are talking about people with a big memory as if it would be about an individual day, but it's not the case.
The big memory is education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus on.
The painting of the memory -- these memory techniques are just administration.
In fact, they are not even a real tree.
They work because they make us work.
They form a kind of deep process -- a kind of abstract attention that most of them are not going to end up over there.
But the reality is that there are no back.
This is how things are being done.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it is what I did -- the authority that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the light of our remember, and it's the notion that life is the light of our remember, of our remember, of our remember, of our remember, of
How many of us are willing to lose from what is already our corruption to lose in the Boston or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side.
And I learned from the first hand that there are incredible members in all of us.
But if you want to live a moral life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex thing, so we're going to take a complex place -- New York.
Because it was about 30 years ago, I am nothing -- Jersey -- I was six years and lived there in my parents in a village called Labs, and this was my child chart.
In the corner from my drug, I was the battle that I shared with my sister with my brother
And I was in my husband and the bank, there was a bank that I gave the room to be.
And there everybody was going to see the teeth -- so every time I went from my room at the time, they all look at me, and every time I gave it back and come back in a short, you all see me.
And I was like this.
It was a time, and he was started.
I went up that room, I went up that bank, and he had that room and that house.
That's the architecture of it.
Listening.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about math -- or about the distribution of areas, but of those visual conditions that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not going to tell us that we feel like that way, because I remember with the American Project --  The Americans spend 90 percent of their time under it.
And it is, 90 percent of the time are articulated from architecture are articulated.
That's a lot.
The architecture is given us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit and very, very presentation.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I know -- think about possible, stations, and democracy."
And I know that you think about it as well as a building in a building built 25 years ago for the grandmothers.
This is a transport.
It's a strange that uses the artists to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in which we build our building.
It's a present environmental connection -- we have used this test for a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these statistically static, saving statistics, from the sea -- started from the elements.
This is very, very useful because they build things to be attacked.
It's cost -- it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the contracts and governments and governments -- they always have fear to innovation, and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
And so we found the buildings like this.
It is a building bottle.
This is the public Police of Laws that ended up in 2008, in my natural city -- and you know, has a colleague -- has this charge -- here, companies, who let me figure out what Lanks try to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a ball today.
That same year, in 2007, on the other side of the country, it was ended up another biologist, which looks like this.
It's in September.
This black shows how we use the media media in the digital way.
It's a new kind of public technology for the city -- a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them called balls, are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works to the beginning of the piece.
On one side is innovation -- the artists that are constantly going to make new technologies -- new technologies, new solutions for the form of current life.
We put together and we put so much, that we get completely out of people.
All of a black -- this is what we feel like we feel very well, but we are dead by inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those substantial results.
So we do that, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportation, so we started to experience again. We make the past of the back to the bottom, over and over and over and over again.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1980s.
The architecture were actually exploring with the commercial called "The standard called the standards.
It has to do with the horrible.
And that can be able to get up.
Simple sizes, in a starting scale.
Something really hard to it.
And so we went back to the 1950s, and we started to break those results.
We put the power back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and take them.
We were allowed by and we were addressed and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give up.
We take anger and we turn them into recovery, which can be management metals made of video.
The forms were going to get up in addition and collection.
The analysis became colleagues.
The kids grew up to the size of the building.
So one look.
But they were 80, that was great.
We all spend the room in the community center -- we move to the boxes, and there in the supply, we can create our own artificial factors.
So those numbers could be to the medical, to the France, or the Antith or the Angeles.
It is probably with a sea site.
This is what happens with the positions.
This is what happens with the results.
They're easy -- they are basically, because instead of creating new spaces -- we get back from other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Turkey.
This is Oh.
The ants are sitting there, and we started to make the power again.
In the years, and at the early 1980s, we started to experience with the development called destruction.
We develop the stories -- we now tell with new techniques of design designers per computer, and we find with new computers -- a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is anti-action and exciting -- and it is successful support, you still have to be extraordinary.
And normally the police of new in the right direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, it was going into this building.
It's the General General General George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture with architecture with art.
Paul Galaxy said that Bill was one of those moments when I grew up and when you believe and public and public and public in general -- they were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times captured this content of microscope.
The turns in Bill went up in a 25 percent when they ended up the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- The Novolas, San, China, New York, College, September.
Everybody wanted one, and German was everywhere.
He was our first star art.
But how is it possible that these forms and straight and radio and radiations, how is it possible to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think about all the world?
And it happened, because the media became because of them and we quickly learned that those ways mean culture and turning.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the main magic of the world.
And so they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture.
This phenomenon of the new mission of the new mission happened with other stars with other
He happened to Zaran and Leaders, and what happened with these few articles in the light of the new mission -- actually began to spend with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
Think about, for example, how they make art.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have come up to the next village to see a building.
The transformation gets accelerated, you can take a bar, you can take a box, you can be terrible.
The technical technology -- you can see in the personality, in the teenager, and at the end, we are all pictures of architecture and the building is brought beyond their physical present.
The architecture is all over the parts right now, that means that the speed of communication has finally taken up the speed of architecture as well.
Because the architecture gets so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 building, before you know if you design four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good research in architecture as well.
This is how we find with buildings like this.
The brand was not a two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea of how much they were gone.
That is never going to go back to happen. I think, because we are in the rise of the most revolution in the architecture from the airport, from the attack of the hospital, and it's the revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the food to the media media -- it starts to grow more and faster to be in both of us in the size -- and it is discovered by the difference between innovation and symmetry, between us, and you know, the architecture.
Now we can make some substance substances, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We went together to support this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pipet India, in the state of New York.
It's a computer community community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the designers look exactly to the early product -- there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building, because these are not just a communication, because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use it to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes computers with the collective memory -- and when you take these solutions, we learn.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about art.
We can tell you what we think about architecture because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those biologists of Langina.
If that building will be built today, we first went to the Internet in looking for new balls.
We would be boring with examples of experience -- about what it can be a ball.
That is money.
Monos that can lead to the Labback of Langia, to people in Langina, and to tell you that there is no only answer to what it can be a balloon today.
Let's be part of this.
This ability of solutions gives the freedom of experiment.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those mathematical creatures that use global words and complex dolphins and one is no longer a sensitive public that doesn't accept before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't get to stop the architecture.
That means that the side of a standard to another, from a movement to another movement, is incredible.
In fact, we can go down and find right solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture and it means that the building buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be only and apply to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a state in Brazil can be that, a study in Brazil, and not a bad story of red strange strange in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that some robots can build our buildings because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce it.
That means that the buildings are moving up to nature of nature and not at the time.
And this means that a set of station in Michael Benjamin, Florida, as well.
This means that three ants can be able to be born in the New York Times in New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of researchers, such as the animals that are going to see.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a value or a robot who built our buildings in our building.
It doesn't matter how we build -- what matters is what we build in.
The ants already know how to make more chemical buildings and more intelligent and more times.
We've been waiting to be waiting for you to do them.
And finally, we are not at all.
They find an architecture -- and we work together and work together to make better building, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't just represent our society, but they give them the way to the smaller spaces -- the local balls, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the battle to the battle.
Thank you very much.
This is my subject, Stanford.
I just got a year and I started walking on.
And it makes it a very typical way of the kids in a year, transported as if your body was moving too fast for their legs to be moving too fast for their legs away.
It is completely wrong.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the hope.
She really love his research.
It goes up and charts, and it gives themselves those big ones and strangers.
It's beautiful.
And I mean, all his friends do this and my mom tell me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that we suddenly are not like our approach?
Because, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm film?
This is Facebook, has 13 years and living in Sea.
And as any advanced, it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be.
It's done by the night.
This is presented for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit confirming because even though his mom tells him all the reason that is beautiful -- every day in school, someone tells him it's film.
And what his mom tells him and what his friends, or what his friends, or companies of school tell you, don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, I put it in York, and I asked others that please leave a common community, "I'm a finger?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 13 companies.
Some of these are so declined, that I don't even look at the person thinking about them.
We talk about a single supermarket and normal and correct, which gets these answers in one of the strangers of their life more valuable life.
thousands of people are published like this -- in their most television girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you trying to do this?
Well, the tests today are almost never alone.
They are under the pressure of being in line and available all the time -- talking about, charged, giving me like "I love -- compared, share -- sharing it, and this is never ended up.
We have never been so connected -- in a way -- in the way -- so you know, so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his fourth every single night.
There is just no private.
And the social principles that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected to our kids going down in the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of compassion that they get to do.
There is no diversity between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is.
What is the most depressed thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a diagnostic context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context in a different context of
And where are they looking for instrument?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are possible from the news of the girls of now.
Computer models are still dealing with our plants.
The technical technical is now a robotic.
And you need them, Brazil, Grandmother, Brazilian and sea.
For those of you who do that, I would say presentation.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what the young young people.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the strange stars of the destiny, and the red statistics.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our kids to grow together and be individual individuals and they're going to be advanced in.
But in a culture.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their studies and other things start to be surprised.
six in every 10 girls would seem not to do something because you think they don't see enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a control to society and the field of the local development of it.
Three percent -- almost one of three trees are not interested in the classrooms of the class -- they choose to be able to be able to be able to call it because they don't want to call the attention for their physical thing.
One of five are not going down to class at all.
And in the temperature of experiments, if you don't think you see enough enough -- especially if you don't think you are enough enough to get a little bit less to the average of your companies who are not concerned about it.
And this phenomenon has been involved in Finance, the United States.
And it goes up with what they actually put these young people.
So, so that it is very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not about how you're really true.
The based on your body is defeated by the activity research.
And it's also making the health.
The terrorists with the time they make less physical activity -- they eat less freedom and violence, they pay in more distributions that can take them to a food definition.
They have low authority.
They are easier by the people who go around and they are in more risk of decisions of it.
And we think that's all over this because of what they take more reductions -- as the control of correct and drugs and democracy, distribution strategies, sexual relationships to early atoms and protein and depth of anger.
The top of the perfect body is going up to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we are not control it.
Women who believe that they have a control again -- if you have or they don't have greater rate rate things.
The 18 percent of women are not present to a work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could keep this, what would that be?
Let me look at this potential is in front of each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about, by the way, you don't take it very far.
I don't know.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to make trust in their own body.
We need to help our teachers to develop the pressure of the perfect images and build their authority.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of problems are going in, not to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children are still going to have a positive impact -- but also a hard impact as well.
And the research students show that the best programs are focus on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships and relationships.
These six things are points of critical particles for any willing to provide an education in the body attacks that works.
An education is fundamental -- but we're going to deal with this problem requires from each of us that we take the ones in the time, and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives in our own lives.
And by getting the current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our cancer.
It is not good to tell us with the choice of our policy and the size of the skin or the size of their books, or the success of the depth or the success of a collaborative army depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing people so they are, not because they see.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we published in our social media.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their approach.
And let me ask you when I was the last time you put a story?
You know, we have to work together as communities as governments and as companies and as companies to change our culture, so that our children grow back all of their person, value the individual, the diversity -- the diversity -- the disease.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a start.
So to make a difference in the real world, we will make them be those people who go out in the big screen because we just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they think they are never going to be able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind.
You have their house?
He was going to be his brother?
He was at your daughter?
And your face?
It could be just the woman who is two years of distance. What would it mean for it if it was free out of that variability of that particular voice in his interest -- that I would care about not having long legs -- a more depth sense, a more storyteller, a more plant sense."
What would it mean for her if we were going to put it up and we would say it goes back to your potential in that way.
Right now, the ability of our culture with the images are getting all of us.
But we teach our children the truth.
Let me feel that the way you see it is just a part of your identity -- and the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel it.
We include the authority in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and share with other people.
And we work together as a community -- from small groups to governments so that the little after a year of a year today, they become some of the safe changes of themselves.
Let's do it.
The five of 1990, 1990, a woman named Stephen Santa I went into a hospital in Mars and started to the robot Manda Labbatter, the leader of the Leader of Descriptic Descers.
And we would have been able to be able to do it increasingly, but they have been ready by other leading cards, in the company of others, they began to plan attention to about 12 things in New York City.
By the way, those planets were made by a subject of the FBI.
The bottom of 1994 in the World Francisco Content, you couldn't afford it.
More late would be connected by their passion in that attention.
Steven South is my father.
I was born in Pipe, Pennint, in 1998, being a serious engineering -- with a many American mother -- a many American school -- between the two made the whole possible.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Israel that very few -- even most of the Muslims -- they get to know.
So for experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, you don't need a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion -- in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who would be used so quickly to their conditions that think that you have to use all the powerful media so that they all live like them.
A few months before it was sitting with me and I was told that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, they had been being taken by the time of land in London, to practice it.
He told me that I would go up with him the next day.
We got to the Titanic Pandora pattern, which without knowing our group, I was violent by the FBI.
When I took it up, my father helped me to hold me on the man in the man and explain to me how to put the goal back to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last room that I gave up to the little light light on the goal and to suffering out of all, especially more, all the old goal in called them.
And I was going back to the other and the room, he said "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Computer.
As a father, so a child.
All of us, the computer has got a lot of rational -- but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of research that my father could change.
Those people later would be connected to put a lot of companies with 600 billion dollars in the bottom of the North Francisco of the World Francisco Content, by taking an experiment that killed six people and hard to other 1,000 people.
I went to those men.
I call them "Mon, which means it.
When I was 18, I had been about 20 times. That instrument during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of minister.
Every time I started to feel close to someone already was time to start and go to another city.
And as I was always I was the new face of the class that was free of materials.
I looked at secret my identity to avoid to be the white -- but it's going to be the new one of the class -- and it was a management enough.
So most of the time I was going up at home reading books.
So for these reasons don't develop social skills -- to tell you to say it -- and I was going to grow down.
And I was asked to play to people, with based into artistic industry, like their reason or their religion or your religion or their religion or their religion or their religion is.
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way to think about my way to think was during the private choices of 2000.
In a private program in which I made in the National National Congress, in Paris.
My group was focused on the issue of the violent violence -- like I had been a little bit of kill almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion for it.
The members of this group came out of different private different.
One day, to the end of the conversation. I discovered that one of the kids who we had done, it was a longer.
It took several days to go back to the light and I realized that there was no animal between the two.
And I had never had a friend friend and frankly, I felt very proud of having been able to be able to sell the barrier that the whole life had made me believe that it was infectious.
Another critical moment came up when I got a video job in George Gardens, a piece of diversity of it.
I found people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my card.
And the whole life had taught me that the human was a fish and, by the way, all of us were bad investments.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with some of us in a special army there, and I was able to see that several of them were the greatest and less crisis that I had seen in life.
There was been a little bit of a child, I developed a sense of food to the suffering of the others. But it was not easy to treat people, exactly in the way I would have wanted to be tried to be treated it.
And for that feeling I was able to control the stores that had taught me from a child, with the experience of interest in real life.
I don't know how it is, but I know what it is going to be leaving by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Deltable Shark.
All the night, John Street was made me be interactive to me to be interacting to my interactions, and I was helped to see that the reason for people, religion or sexual series, they don't have nothing to do with the cartoon.
In many ways, he became my favorite phenomenon in a moment where I was defined to do it.
You know, institutions can come out of the instantly, and that a little bit would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- extraordinary, it was not at the world.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that was going to be in my heart for always as he was living in.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been suffering enough with interactive distributions, and he said, "I'm able to do it?
At that time I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that guy in your interest in your interest of it.
My real name is not Zaran Electricity.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a right possibility?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody -- one day, who is trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I became a better way.
So I decided to use my experience to fight against the temperature and against the pressures.
I do it by the violence of the terrorists and the time of the trials and the time of the dog and the leaders that the temperature has produced in their lives.
And by the visions of the terrorism to talk about those actions without sense -- as you go back to the actions of my father, my father, as you go back to my father.
And with this simple thing to me here as a test that violence is not an idea to any religion or right. That kids don't have to follow the walk of their parents in their parents here.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment there is a film that is project in their mind.
It's an amazing movie film here.
It's in 3D and it has sound sound of what they hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a mouth, I know and text.
I feel your body -- your pain -- your head, your planet.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as the moments of your influence that are project to your eyes.
And it has a single voice in your financial thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your film of consciousness -- the support of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of human being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an interesting film of your own own own poor, you and you.
There is nothing that we know most of us.
At least I know I have a own.
I don't know that you are aware of you.
The consciousness is also the reason for life.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives.
But at the same time it's the most dangerous phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious."
Why do we have these interactions interactive."
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experience the interaction of the interaction?
At this time, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to identify science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science science science.
science, by nature, is object.
Construction -- by nature, is surprise.
So there can never be a science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I present that view.
Politics study the behavior. The neurons study the brain, but never nobody mentioned the consciousness of it.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there was very few scientific workers on the consciousness of it.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurons like French Cross and physics like Robert Penning said, right now is the time for science to open the consequence.
And since then, there was a real exploration, a film of the scientific work about consciousness work.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the recent years was the search of complexity, corresponds between some areas of the brain and some of the state states of it.
And we saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I was going to go up with.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the aware experience of looking at faces or to feel happy or feel happy.
But this is going to be a science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of scientific experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain that that this kind of work of neurons is a few questions that we want you to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain and what they completely do.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No research to neuroscience.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness with it.
Well, I don't open the real story of this material -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be applied by consequence?
Why is there a movie interactive movie?
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neurons at all.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the entrepreneurs, as the humanitarians, like life, and we're going to find explain it.
The typical surgeons are all cases of emerging behavior -- how they are going to get the strangers, how they work, how they go up, and they move up and look at the living organisms -- all of these are questions about the open work.
That could be able to apply the human brain to explain some behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior.
But the hard problem, is the question why is that all of the behavior.
And here it is, the particular paradigm of the surgeon, the state of the neurons -- it actually doesn't really have a lot to say.
I am a science of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the apple that it works. For a long time, I took the head against the wall looking for a theory of the consciousness in the physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the question that that didn't work for social reasons.
I think we are in this point.
We have a wonderful exploration of wonderful experiences -- we're going to be used to this.
But the consciousness does not seem to find out in this stage.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of it.
On the other, we don't know how to address that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to invest to our vision of the world, but we don't know how it was still here.
And with an animal like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that in the beginning that they seem to look like, before you can deal with the consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Derek, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no very hard problem of consciousness in the consciousness.
All of the idea of the subject of the interactive film is even a kind of income or confidence.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the benefits of the brain, the behavior of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain about.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the completely restricting consciousness -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just to keep that the quality of the consciousness is supported.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I mean, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be protecting.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental thing.
The physics sometimes take some of the universe of the universe as fundamental stones, the space and the morning.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- as the law laws or a quantum mechanism.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything more basic in terms of it.
At the end, they look fundamental -- and that's what the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it comes out.
In the 19th century, I discovered that you can't explain the electronic phenomenon in terms of the fundamental problems in terms of presentation, space.
I think that's the situation that we find with the consciousness of it.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space.
The most natural thing would be to put the consciousness as something fundamental -- a fundamental street of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it doesn't be object of science.
It is going to open up the way to make it a little bit.
So what we need to study is to study the fundamental laws that government, the laws that connect the consciousness with other fundamental concepts, the space -- the time, the mass, physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can be able to be able to be able to hold them into a atmosphere.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple laws so simple that we can be able to be able to show them in a street.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second idea is that the consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a confidence of consciousness here.
This vision sometimes is called paralyzed paradoxical particles? "Charter for mind, every single system is aware of it, not just humans -- the piles, the markets, even the microbes of Robert King, the electronic particles -- the electronic particles -- the electronic particles of Rome.
Even a picture has some content of aware of it.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think of it.
It's not that a picture can be full of authority when you think about, always travel to the speed of light.
I can never forget and put the robots?
No, that's not.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some full sense of creative feeling -- survival, some of the private pressure of the consciousness of it.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think something so lottery?
And in part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass is natural nature that can also be universe, just like others.
It's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea looks like, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind looks more like nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and possible way to find fundamental laws that relationship the thinking with physical process -- is clean the consciousness with information.
There is always a lot of information -- there is consciousness -- there is consciousness as well.
It's a complex of complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness here.
It's kind of simple information.
So something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuron, Bill Top, I took this kind of theory and the development of the democracy and the development of mathematical media.
It has a matter of the information of information -- which is called the pain, which is that I look at the group of information in a system.
And I supposed to do with the consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible group of information of information, a high grade of pain, a lot of consequence.
In a mouse there is a measure of information of information -- just like a lot of information -- it is a lot of sense of a pretty important.
But when you get to the locations, the materials, the photography of the guy said.
The level of information of information is less -- but it's not sort of not a non-profit.
In the Tunis theory -- there will still be a different science level of screen.
In fact a fundamental law of the consciousness -- high degrees of pain, high degrees of consciousness ...
In fact, another reason is that paradigm can help us understand the consciousness to the physical world.
The physics and the physics have been able to see that physics is completely absolutely abstract.
And I described the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that it goes down.
As an Exploration Stanford Harry, where is the fire of the electronics?
From the political vision of physics that can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of the consciousness of it.
That's what physics do basically described the flow of the consciousness of it.
And after this vision -- the consciousness is the ones that put it into the equations.
In that view, the consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of advance.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious science.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that I had consciousness -- then it should be a sea.
If you're a painting and you get that vision -- you will have a lot of humanity.
I think that I think that you tend to transform your vision -- while what it matters in terms of scientific and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness -- but their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity of it.
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems like computers like computers as well.
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie in the movie "The movie?
It's conscious?
After the virtual information, she has a process of computer information, and so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- they make very serious problems about the size of the development of smart computer systems and the ability to get it out.
And finally, you can ask for the full collective consciousness -- the planet.
Canada has their own consequence?
Or a more local level, a group -- like the audience in a TED talk -- at this moment we have a TED consciousness -- an interesting film for this whole ground of TED.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be taken in serious time.
So this view of painting, it's a radical vision and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea that the consciousness is something fundamental than the second of the second -- that it is universe.
The vision is a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how are those people in thinking about the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go on the right way to a theory of the serious consciousness theory to a theory.
If no, well, probably this is the most difficult problem of science and physicist.
We can't expect to solve it at night at the morning.
But I think we're finally going to find it.
understanding the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal period, a perfect under education.
I went to school, I went with my friends -- I was asked with my own sizes.
It was all very normal it.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was taken up to my parents because I wanted to take a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very good, but there is an entire problem.
She actually doesn't have anything --  and they were right.
I went to school, I had good news. After school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series the San San San San Sandwich.
Yeah, I know that. What do you know.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a content if we take the discussion outside of it.
And years later, being in the second part of the teach in a high school school in Miller, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes in the middle of a man who was going up and said, "Hey, when you give your discussion?
And I said, "What's the distribution?
Well, I had been talking about the law of information for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know it.
When people in streets are talking about instantly things in school?
By the way, in the room of actions?
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experience with people with disconnected people as an amazing objects as well.
And we are. And it is not collapsed from the grandmother, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our machines.
We're not real people. We're going to be there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage that I do to what I do in this room, and probably you are waiting to teach them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I love them to tell you specialized.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relationship to disconnect.
Yes, you've been sold by the feeling that discovery is something Martin, to manufacturing, Mars.
It's a bad thing to live and live with a discussion makes you.
It's not a bad thing -- and it doesn't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we have been able to protect even more of this feeling through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only distance in life is a bad attack.
Or this one is an exception is invisible?
Or this one, "The one of the origin, the beetle?
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a lot of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the child without hands by working with a support on the boat.
You may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of carbon pieces of carbon.
And there is a lot of these images -- which is what we call the particular instrument.
And I use the term for decision, because they affect a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are looking at the discussions in the benefit of the people.
The purpose of these images is to get them to you, and you can see them, so we can see them and think, "Well, that's why my life is my life, it could be worse better.
I could be that person.
But if you're that person.
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been extraordinary to me that you think that I am a value or a source of inspired -- and this happens before my work had a public period.
It was as if I was going to be able to get up for the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to be constantly.
These images -- those images affect people with disconnected people in the benefit of the people.
They are there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry in perspective.
And life as a decision person is actually something difficult to do.
We knew some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think.
They're not religious things to our body.
I use the terms of the discussion -- definitely because I was surprised by the social model of the discussion, which tells us that we are more designed because of the society that we live to our bodies or distributions.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very self-such with him.
And the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability to do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of it.
They are just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability to get the best of their ability to do.
So it's really just going to get them into the way that we do it, when we share those images?
When people tell us, "You are a source of instrument, it says as a supply.
And I know why it happens.
It is the cause of the member, because you've sold us this feeling that the diversity makes us.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here by the instrument, and you think about God, "The God, Steven, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know that I are.
And I learned from other people who are discovered at all.
But I don't learn that I am more excited than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of bacteria to pick up the things that are going to me.  I learned how to make the transportation of the mobile phone.
Great.
We learn from the force and research of others -- not against our bodies and our distributions, but against a world that explores and compassion.
I really think that that feeling that you have sold us about discussion is the most instrumentalism.
It makes us hard life.
And that card, "The only approach in life is a bad attack, the reason that that is that it's not true because it's not true because of the social model.
A lot of survival for a space of scales has not done that it becomes a road.
None of them --          I will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be sure for the surface people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a free and making a positive activity to become all of those books to the branch.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where discovery is not the exception, but the normal.
I want to live where a child of 15 years -- sitting in his distribution by looking at "The British The San San San San San San San San San Did not consider anything to be in a room.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low examples of the people who are happy that we are happy to get out of the way and remember our name for the morning.
And I want to live in a world where we fly the generation of people with disconnected, and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a subject of street.
We don't make us exciting us, but to tell you what you think you know to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the reality and the professional pile, with the entrepreneurship, with the entrepreneurs?
And what is the average speed of a content without card?
Unfortunately, today, I'm just going to answer one of those questions -- so please are not destroying.
When people think about it, you think about "Contradiction Research, and in terms of the hands in the air.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real reality?
The first step -- is what I have to go on, the Google Google Galaxies.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
And what you may not know is that Google Galaxies are a story that allows them to see what I see.
I will allow you to experience what's a professional device in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will get up with your imagination of it.
We can use the Google Galaxies, under a car and know what is going to run through the game of play to 150 miles -- the blood put the seats.
We can know that you feel that a man from 100 miles later, trying to focus with everything to be.
I have been there, and I make sure that it's no great thing.
I took some videos to show you what is to use the Google Googles under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the President of the TV -- because the idea of the New York technology is a subject going on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kong, let's go.
It's horrible to be taking them.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
President?
Let's go on.
Chris King, as you can see, is a protection of what is being taken on the field field from the perspective of the school.
You may have realized that a lot of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
Random fish, Random 1950.
Bill eight eight, OK? Let's go on.
Chris Kong, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have nothing to be in the TV.
The family wants that experience.
The factors want to be in the field -- it's going to be their favorite plastics, and they've asked me in YouTube and in Twitter -- you can see from the name of a field.
Or from a room?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Gandhi and Google Galaxies, how are we going to get out of it, how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Rome Robin, which is just a lot of already you know.
The Robert Rocket has been described as the more visual reality of the more real reality ever created -- and it is not worth work.
And I'm going to show you the why with this video.
Man: Oh, yeah.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing? No.
Oh, my God, there?
CA: That is the experience of a man in a lot of being taken by their life.
What will be the experience of a family when we get a video of Developer Paul by creating the line -- delivered from a short with the arm before it is going to run and make a non-state?
When I can be Montana coming up by the shore, I look at the bank on the bottom of the network? Or Peter making a state in Williams.
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a state strategy?
Maybe you can increase the sea seasons for adults for them.
But this is not still actually accepted.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we get the reality in the reality, Richard."
We will take the reality up when the transportation, and the deaths are looking at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win particles?
Because they always use the technology to win it.
They like to win them. I give you money.
So here is a break on the technology in the TV at the TV.
In 1997, the Parkinsons were put up to the street of their field of field to play faster to play.
They won the Bank Book that year.
Another team decided to get them out.
And more people saw the passion because it was more exciting -- faster fast.
In 1997, the TV put radio in the cars of the field and then in the designers of the destinists.
They had more specific because it was faster -- more attractive.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next place showing you in front of you, in a view of plastic that they have to do -- you don't have to worry about putting a play.
Or in order to measure the structure.
They just go back to the field and they work.
And they want to do it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they lose particles, and they have to lose paradigm.
If you look at you a lot of you as a transportation.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a management of a better strategy.
The reality is also a way to raise information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the parts.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the study having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the cars and the accessible, something that's already working on.
And all of that information will be sent to your plants.
The good team would know to send it out.
The bad ones will have any information.
This makes the good teams of the bad.
So your team of information will be as important as your restaurants, and the data of data will stop being just for nerves.
It will be as well. Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field.
Imagine that they're the field of field.
You get the bank and redesigners.
You look at an open research in the top of the left in the left part of your vision to you that a detector behind you is going to be attached -- but you don't see, but the Richard system.
And you go back to the area of protein.
Another store is addressed that there is a open research.
Ladies the bad, but they were going to give you the bankers.
And the bad lost the transportation.
You don't know where it will come in, yet the rest see in his view a tribe area that goes up and it can be able to measure the face.
And it was about the bank, and it goes up and arrangement.
The public public and the favorites have followed the place from each neighbor.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the parts.
I'm going to make a lot of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The factors want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The reality will be part of the destiny because it's too close to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the really accelerated, right?
We are going to use it just as a pain and first, like our own antibiotics.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the reality that we can use the company between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the destruction line.
It makes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car trying to show you to a subject how many of them are their access from the perspective of vision?
How much does this technology look like for a gas in United States or Robert trying to show you the world how you live being perfect."
How much is it also for a Harvard Congress or a National David Democratic trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than the space and science instead of the state and Congolisones.
Security and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they have -- as always from us.
Thank you.
I remember I went back after 24 years of service in the University of California.
Most of those 24 years old, I was able to put it up the extension of the Mars Country, which including the Google Galaxy Gandhi.
The bridge is an intelligent structure -- known for their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the Paris Alexander -- and their own architecture is.
By the way, it is also an issue for supply, being one of the most use of the world.
The Google Galaxy was open in 1985.
John Santa, invention charge of building the person, he said that, "The person is pretty much at the professor of supply.
The sound from the bridge is not protecting no probability.
But from his open, more than 1,000 people have taken up to their death from that point.
Some of you believe that I would travel between the two tests will take them to another dimension, this person has been invented as such as that every single single single single single single one of you freedom from all of your worry and painting, and the water that goes down under to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to eat supermarket.
After one of the four to five seconds, the body.
And the impact is straightforward bottles, some of which they think of visual organs.
Most of them die in the impact of it.
And the ones that they don't normally do in the water.
I don't think that the people who have a piece of sound that you realize about the death of death that they are going to do.
This is the career.
It except around the two terrorists, there are three dollars of paradigm on the person.
So here is where most people are going to get before the life.
I can tell you for experience that one time the person is in that box, and in their most dark time, it's very hard to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office with the life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the bank.
When I started working on the person, we didn't have any form of it.
We found the way through the way through these called them.
This was not just a bad service to those of you who control the sound and the office as well.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, I'm going to go up and psychologists are going into the new offices.
This is Japan Barbare.
I met it at the end of the last year in the past year when I got a call of a possible position of a sense sitting on the center close to the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center
And I said, and when I came in, I looked at Japan talking to a construction of the Peter General Gandhi.
Japan was only 35 years and I had come up to here from New York.
In fact, I had come up to here to two times before New John to try to fly out from this person.
After close to a time talking to Japan -- I asked us if we knew the story of the back of Park.
I remember the black microscope, Zealands created Park, and I sent it on the Earth with a box and he said, "You never open that back."
Well, one day, the culture could be more than Park, and she opened the box.
It came out of it, peace, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So James asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope?
And you have a set of standards, you get up on the right, and it was.
This management and intelligent from New John just will take life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very good, because the next day, the robot of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Japan had been asked it.
The collective days of the audience affect many people.
I put these questions -- what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone else was support."
What would you do?
Do you know what to tell you?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
listening to understand it.
You don't say, college, or tell you to the person you know how it feels -- because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of infection they need.
If you think that someone is support, you don't have fear of them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "The situations in the circumstances have thought about looking at your life.
It can get to the front person in front of it can save life and be the point of information for them.
The other ones to look at it, you know, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, impossible, believe there is nothing you can do about it, and a lost of the interest in life.
And I was going on this talk about a couple of days, and I got a couple of days and I would like to read her card.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I was writing this economy just a couple of days, and it's with his personal and benefit that I read them.
"Man, Kenya. I imagine you are in the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I am thinking that I should go to the middle of the week.
I just wanted to leave you to one another.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still pretty excited about it, but I think more time to realize it really doesn't really go home.
Michael was coming from Peter to San Francisco to see the part of the 48 with his father 1970.
I never got there.
And I called the police of Police and I turned it as that night.
At the next morning, two scientists came to my house and they became that the car of Mexico.
I had seen it to go out from the person to the 19th of the day of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be very useful to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My organizations are with your fight for you.
The GDP God God is supposed to be a passion through our beautiful bank, not a center.
Well, I love this week, Virginia."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go back the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go up with it.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope.
The 11 percent of 2012, I turned out to a room called a positive subject in the top of the person on the top of the normal north.
I contained my mom on the top and I looked at this man, John Broad, in the street.
And when I looked at it, I came up with the short, and it became that little climate that goes around the turn.
For the hour and a half and a half I heard like Kenya.
Kenya.
When Kenya.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what he made you go back and give you the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me.
He said, "I hear it.
I'm going to talk to me and just start.
And I just got a little bit after that instant, I got a card of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to leave you.
"I want Sea Brothers, no longer to cut the events of 11 percent of the market, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya.
And I think, I think I was coming up with help.
It's been distant with a mental disease.
I went back to Kenya. When I only had six months -- completely aware of all of all of all of all of those hardware races, but thank God, now we know.
Kenya.
We thank God for you.
I was just in detail with you, National Bronx.
And at the end she was writing -- "Done. When I saw the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient is.
I know I did have to solve it.
At the time, Kenya.
I speak open on the events of that day and their decision with the hope that their story is to inspired to others.
It's not just something that I've found in the work.
It's people.
My grandmother was supposed to come up.
That act -- even though I ended up their own pain -- I was reading the opportunity to know.
This is what it does is what it does is what it does is what it does do.
For most of the people, or those who would consider the supply, they don't think about the other person to the other person.
They just want your own pain to get up.
So this is just just about three ways.
In my face, I have turned out and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the person.
And of those individuals that I've been directly invented, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
So during that time, I got the hand in three percent.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Look, I feel it, but I have to go in, but I have to go.
And I came out.
Here, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people that we get to control in that person they don't know.
In fact, those few people who have come out of the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second ones they leave on the bottom they realized that they had made a dog and they wanted to live.
I tell people -- the person is not only connected with San Francisco -- but also people.
That connection or I think that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should stop to do.
The audience can be presented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not like, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be a single thing in that sense, but I'm not used to be used in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had ever done the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally worked with my truth -- with my interest of me.
And for the reasons that I would tell you later later when I look at this picture I think, you get it, you get it.
But the passion pass, I discovered that, you know, I'm beginning to you.
We all get our families, our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of linked, to get rid of the conditions of the skin of the skin or the belief of the people who are reduced.
These are people who are always going to be the state that you think about it.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends -- my attack even imaging my story.
And I think this subject is called reserve.
This is the me.
And they went back to me as "Oh, because I was born because of the present of my generation.
I remember that my five years in the Facebook, in my house -- I was always done by this shore in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to take that shore in the head?
I said, "Mon, it's my hair -- I'm a girl?
I knew how to focus on.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success. I never brought me to share my story, not because I thought to be what I'm bad -- but why the world comes to those of us who want to release them.
All of the day days will be woman.
I have mother, and a family and a family that I am going to get up.
Many of them are not so fascinated.
There is a long treatment in the basic culture that takes the history of the gender here.
There is a bit of the compassion of compassion.
There is a half dialogue, dance of the short.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a picture in the Facebook that I was going to put these missions.
I was inside of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something would be stopped to me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still sitting of man, I met this woman called TED.
It is the distribution of a benefit of beautiful benefits.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you done in the beautiful context?
He told me that if she was going to get out of the set of installation and the search -- and that night, I won in the bank ball, you get in front of the galaxy and it was a third end between over 40 cards.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was in the world of the beauty of beauty restaurants.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beauty of beautiful women, but I know.
And I also met the dance of the destructions, especially when we went back to the regions of the Facebooks.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 20 my mom -- who had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they were made by the green room that I could go to the U.S.
I went back me.
I said to my mother -- "Market, I'm going to do it.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of the general?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom surprised me to put two -- my name to me.
She was also applying to me when I was going on to the 19th years old.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities of Taiwan to do the most presentational structures of supported surgeries.
In the United States in the United States, it was need to make the surgery before you change the name and the generation.
So in 2007, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the confidence of conditions with the name of Google and the "Computer graph.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a short, but for me it was the line to live -- to feel decision.
And of course, my teachers were looking at mine.
I felt that I could continue my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many of them are not so fascinated.
I think about this woman of Man Alzheimer's woman.
A young woman in New York who was worth to live their truth -- but that, I was able to end her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our supply rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population of the population.
All of the 20 percent of us are doing a global violence for the day of the Trade.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who put it up and put out of the instant.
These are Mars Penn. John and Sun Rome.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live to live their truth without service, and so on.
I'm here, exploring so that some day there is no longer more than 20 of Nigeria.
My most deep truth led me to accept what I are.
I'll do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  No quick question.
Google Robert? Of course. You see, first of all, I will thank all my brains.
I was to my network of support to my parents, to my family -- which is very strong to me.
I remember all the times I have taken up to young women who have been transported with young women -- and some times when I was called and they told me that his parents were not able to accept it, I took the phone and he said, "Maybe, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it works -- others not. It's just information -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are being given in the neighborhood, and what I try to do is put on the table that you have a little bit of the time that you have to be able to do it -- and that it should be a space that allows people to get up with people, and this is a conversation.
The traditional movement is invented with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for the culture and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my advanced.
KB: Thank you. All right. GG: Thank you.
In a lot of political societies and traditional societies are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Management started his campaign for the education by making their rights in 2010, and when they had their buildings in 2010, when you put it up to the National Professor of the peace -- it was very famous -- a very popular girl in your country.
Before that, it was my daughter -- but I'm now his father now.
Security and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the instrument, the subject of violence and exploration.
You see, in the political societies right from the beginning -- when you take a child, their birth is not collectively.
It's not for your father, not for his father, not for his mother.
The sea comes in, he gives your contents to the mother and no one happy to the father, and nobody happy.
And a mother was open for having a child.
When I go to light to the first child, the first day, you put them.
When you go to light to the second day, you communicate, and with the hope.
Not only the mother -- but the daughter -- the daughter record, when I grow up, it goes up as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he got in home and the school.
until the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with their friends on the street, and you can move on the streets as a market.
But when you go into the test, when it comes to 13 years old, it was protected to come out of his house without a market attack.
It's connected to four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It became the champion of his father and his brother and his family, and if you bring the code of that honor -- I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this content code of honor -- not only the life of a man, also affect the life of the family members of family.
So this brother shows the classroom of his life and the happiness of his brothers at the name of the home home.
And there is a bit more of the political societies which is called a choice.
It's supposed to be a good girl that has to be very hard and very supporting and very supermarket.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl should be straight.
It's supposed to be similar and the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the analysis, even if you don't want to.
If you do it with a man who doesn't like or if you do it with a old man -- it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be terrible of destruction.
If you do a very young thing, it has to get it.
And I was going to call it depression.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In words of a population, you know, you know, and then give light to more children and days?
And the sand of the situation is that this mother is that this mother -- the same lesson to their daughter and the same lesson of home to their children.
And this kind of virtual crisis came up and continue.
And I wanted to be sitting and sisters, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the neighbors -- to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, I was just supposed to have been supporting it.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a little bit of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars of Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, all of them were men -- and I was going to go up my pill, and I took a line of my name, and he wrote a line, "Market."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half years old in my school.
Would you ask you, why should I mention the analysis of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I have to tell you.
You can give it a sitting in London, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies in the traditional societies -- is a great access for the life of the child.
They were going to be in a school means the recognize of their identity and his name of his name.
And a state to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and the applications where you can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers -- and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when he was coming up with the facility of the family, and I was in the religious part of the family.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my sisters written in any decade.
That was the reason why I value to my child.
What my father was not going to give my brothers and his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to get the intelligence and the supply of my child.
And I went up to feel with me when my friends came to me.
And the animal to go to a little bit of a little bit.
And all of these values -- I've tried them into their perspective.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mars.
I have made all these good values in my school and kids for the same.
I used the education for engineer.
I teach my children, teach the students to forget the lesson of the obstacle.
They taught students to forget the lesson of the called supermarket.
We want sister and gentlemen, we found for more rights for women, and we found to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon with us.
It was read for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It was called the nation.
That means a complete business of women in all of the political activities in all the political activities and social activity.
So hundreds of schools were lost up.
The girls were supposed to go to school.
The women were supposed to be used and they stopped going to the market.
And the music was simple, the girls and the stores and the steps of them.
It would be millions of them, but a few people, and it was attacked to have all these people who kill and barely when you talk about their rights to speak for their right.
It's really attacking.
At the age of 10 years old, Mars came up and put up on the right to education.
I wrote a day for the beauty of BMW, and he was reconstructing it for the New York Times -- and I talked in every platform I could have.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It was kind of like a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why they couldn't put his campaign and the nine of the age of 2008, they gave him a strange in the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
And as my daughter was destroying between life and death -- I would show him to my wife to my wife -- I should be stopping for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I was just said to me, please.
It is the cause right now.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the peace and the cause of education, and your daughter would be inspired in you, and it was one.
They were both on the right way, and God would protect it.
These few words would mean a lot for me, and I didn't go back again.
When I was in the hospital and I had a serious dogs and strong dogs of head because his favorite nervous was cut up, I used to see a dark sun that was spread through the face of my wife, and the face of my wife, my wife, for the face of my wife, in my wife of my wife, and I used to look at the face of my
But my daughter has never come down.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my survival survival, and with the environment in my face.
I'm going to put it well. Please don't worry.
It was a content for us, and it was controlling.
You want to be single and gentlemen, we've learned from it how to stay in the most difficult moments and I made me share with you.
And I call it when I didn't love his task here.
You put it up with their brothers and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What is that special in my tumor that has done so attention to Mars so valuable, exploration and expansion.
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Let me ask you what I didn't do.
It didn't cut their streets and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal perspective.
I am an increase
And I want to tell you that I remember I have been used to the Monterey group of Google -- where I've had a diagram to my chart, the distribution of Google X -- but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it out of my work there.
You have said this, there is a status when you show you to a brain.
Do you feel like smart or right?
It would not be like this, could you come back to be intelligent.
After the neuron, I made a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the grandmother material -- but it was the dead part of the center that creates important ants and neuroscientists.
And I was increasing after the opportunity, I had to decide how much to take -- from more than a decision of chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything to die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about computers and metals of chemicals and try to get it, to follow life.
More than one time I have saved a little bit.
But of course, I have a strange of experiment, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the parallel doctors because it really doesn't really exist.
I started to try with different microscopes, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the doctors would change my application, my sense of who I was me, my behavior to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly incredible case for a few months, I had a little bit of terms and typical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thinking.
I was always funding -- I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and         I know a lot of times in the past I've met a number of different guys like this, or maybe some of them.
It turned out as a extraordinary.
But my great suffering was that I was not trying to be a strange.
In fact, I was trying to get a lot of instant, to get a problem that I had to the front of it and just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my data.
But I think that experience gave me a new approach about men and about what they have to go back -- since then I get better with the men.
And what I tried to do. When I was trying to get out of those ants and neuroscientists and others -- it was to reduce my intelligence after the disease and the option, my creative thinking -- my flood of ideas.
I will think about almost in images -- and that became my key research, how with those mental images that I used to create proteins, my ideas -- if you want to do -- and I'm going to bring new ideas.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Photos like Hung, Descers and God will see things like this.
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who ask this idea, and there are a lot of designers about how the mind works. For me is simple -- for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, I was able to find the point right and have a lot of great mental mentally, really, really visible, and it's very similar and well.
Now, I'm working on how to take a lot of these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
So you can imagine what will happen if a city is able to use their imagination just to draw the world that has to the face of the first?
Or if a music.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to make this is just to increase the solution of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we are quite close to this with two recent experiments made by two different groups in neurons in neurons today.
They were both used by Islamic technology -- image by main marketing research, to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain school made by George Galapagos and their colleagues of Harry.
The colleague of the left shows the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the center of the central control of the left. You see the difference is almost number.
And this is a lot of different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of John Galenti in Ben, California.
They were able to make the brain streets in the recent visual field.
Let's put it out of this way.
In this experience, it was shown to the hundreds of hundreds of hours of York as they were taking their brains to create a great amount of brain of the brain in the brain sectors.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals -- and while they had a new school.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the stage that I decided to show that the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us background.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image -- it's created in the brain the same material.
This was led to the top of the brain brain systems of the most available solution today, and their solution was increase as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solve about a thousand times more to get a more deep look.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is going to open up the believe and try and get electronics.
I don't care about that.
Many of them are creating new techniques of project for images -- even me with the recent result of the IPM: first we have to ask the next thing to be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more solution is with the bigger images, but to this point, the bigger images are only going to make small better best in the solution.
I play this idea, instead of the biggest images, we do better language.
We can create much more complex structures with completely different crossings, like making a start.
And why is this important?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in the India were to make really big images, right?
But the majority of the recent advances in terms of environmental solutions and black solutions and discussion, in the transportation and records of radio region in the system.
At the time, instead of a market field -- we use a lot of social patterns to be used to the front of Razin French.
So when you combine the massive patterns with the patterns of the printed process of the principle of the principle -- we can be able to increase the information that you can explore in a single way.
And also, we can be able to be able to draw our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When I use the Iraq we should be able to measure not only the force of the corner search, but the things that I have mentioned and maybe even the right national activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
You can imagine if we were able to go through the language and communicate it directly through the thinking.
What would we be carefully?
And how do we learn how to deal with the reality of the human thinking.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be incredible to use it as a tool to apply our skills of thinking.
In fact, this same tool could lead to the cure of Allen and similar disease.
We have a few things more than open this door down.
In all ways, they get a year, going on five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine that I would take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the arm, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the garden sea.
I think we all have anger.
And his arm is maybe to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is supported, or to tell someone that has cancer, or any other hard conversation why you have been activated in life.
Everything is a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can look at it, the experience of having lived and have come out of that arm is a universal thing.
It gives you fear -- and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working in the South World Water California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to bring a lot of farmers from the manufacturing mission -- not to take up my arms, and I was not going to turn out of the Leonardo Lesters -- I was going to look at the laws of Antarctica said like a line.
And it will be convinced that by the horse of my short street and to have been struggling the head made a little bit, I would ask you a little little child, "Oh, you're guy or girl?
And it would look like a massive signal in the table.
I'm going to be a little bit more, a little bit more, I was going to take my coffee with a piece of robot.
The father would go up the profession and the mother was going to take a flag looking at his child.
But I would not say nothing -- and I would go out of it.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I thought the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
And this is a family, but this time I was predicting and I was just going to get out of full of them in the fish in the table --   I had the citizens of Bill French.
The citizens of George Street.
Even a fraction of the Monterey Monteress, which will show you.
And so I was going to go up and go down and go down and go up and my spinning a child of four years with a real sea, looking at what is not a challenge for a famous drink, just a child with a question, are you hear or girl?
And then I was going to go back again, I put out of classrooms close to it, and I said, "I know this is something confident.
I have the short counter like a girl -- and I see a child, but I am a girl -- and you know, so as you like to use a real sea, and sometimes you like to use a common search -- and sometimes you like to use a common line.
Well, I am more of the kind of girl of a common line.
And that little girl looked at me, and I looked attention to it, and he said, "My favorite land is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a pain, for Facebook."
And that was all -- I just "Oh, OK. You're a girl one.
What happens with the pain that I study?
It was the easier conversation of everybody who has ever had have.
And Why? Because the girl of the pain and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some of us in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a arms.
But within the dark -- you can't know what color are the wall.
You just know how a feeling is living in a arm.
This is how my arm is not different to your or your own or you.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my atmosphere was more difficult to go out of it, but this is the time, the hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who has been able to have a little bit more difficult to tell you it's been starting?
Who can tell you that this story that I think is more difficult to tell your son of five years that you're going to do it?
There's no more difficult -- there is only the hard thing.
We have to stop constructing what it's hard to do with what it is difficult to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we have to just feel that we have a difficult because we all live something difficult.
In some point in our lives, we all live in administration, and you can make sure to feel security or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made by a surgeon is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
And I had a collaboration colleague, a sea and strange standards.
It was not the military line to fight against any child of four years to go into the car.
I was collecting for the fear -- I was going up in a stage of my dark atmosphere by making my big galaxy, and the move only a music is the most exciting thing that I've ever done.
My family, my friends, which is completely strange with those I've spent my entire life trying to do it -- and now the world was going to get it back to it.
I was driving the page of a garden that we all have been so long at so long time, but if you don't read that great, you will kill you.
One of my most memory landscape was in the bottom of my sister of my brother
It was the first time that many of them knew that I was gas -- and when I was going to make my home laboratory landscape, in my black search and comes around the table, and I finally got to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I'm going to talk about a moment, one of the women were like, "I love National Lab."
And the battle of the gas relationship had started it.
"Chart, you've ever been in the Carolina.
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fantastic.
"All of you know to my own Antarctica.
It's very good and has never talked about having no neighborhood.
"All right, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program and Gandhi and Granding.
And you know who you love us? Jane.
Japan is our favorite."
And then a woman -- but in hope to show you his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my wife uses radio cards?
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the grandmother landscapes.
It might have been easy to be easy to figure out where they were sitting out.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were destroying.
And what other thing you can ask somebody to ask you, but they will stay?
If you are going to be an article with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the car that you go.
This is how the hard conditions are still going to be my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have come out.
But I am better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Gandhi Chinese.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it is going to come out of any arm is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they are automatically.
You know the arm. They're you.
That girl in the coffee had no supply but I was ready for the battery.
If you want somebody to be general -- the other people have to know that we are too.
Number two. They are just decisionated. They just give it.
If you know that they are gay, they give it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be galaxy, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of failure.
And number three, and more important --    Let the complex together.
You communicate your truth.
James is discovered by that.
And some of you can go out to be sure that you can come up with what they have done, but they never spread for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel desperately, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the examples of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find in a dark dark dark -- you have to know that we've all been there.
And you may feel very simple, but they don't are.
Thank you, Boston. They enjoy the violence.
Intelligent, what is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has seen the intelligence -- an example.
When I develop Descripting writing this as a crisis to the paradigm of the information like Alaska Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the very fundamental physical meanings of the intelligence of the intelligence.
We go back a step here.
We first start with a mental experience.
Imagine that they are from a common reason that you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth of the Earth.
And you see a very strange effect of it.
Of course, as you know, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves to ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are from a red reason that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept about intelligence on Earth -- they would be able to be able to develop a physical theory that would explain how the surface of the time, to a certain time in time, the arms that are taking the surface.
And so I love that this is the same question that you can understand is the physical nature of intelligence of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I went up a variety of issues through science, through several distributions -- that they said, to a single medical mechanism of the intelligence.
And for example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be very advanced for the development of intelligence and in particular, for the developing state of college states that make the diversity of the future.
And finally, in the private movement, there has been a number of recent techniques that have tried to apply the skills of robots to measure the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and put them together, I said, since a number of years ago, there is a massive mechanism for the intelligence that we can explore from all these different teachers?
Is there just one choice for intelligence?
And I think the answer is know. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and a half me for the intelligence that I ever seen.
So what you're seeing here is a survivor that the intelligence is a force -- Fortune, that act with the end of making the fundamental future of action.
It happens to kill the future freedom of action -- or keep the open choices -- with a force -- with the diversity of possible future, Yeah, to a very future time, so to a fundamental time.
In a few words, the intelligence does not like to be able to stay up.
The intelligence is trying to kill the future freedom of action and keep the open choice.
And so, I have to tell this economics, is natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How likely is it?
It makes the level of human intelligence.
It makes the artificial intelligence probability.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing devices of this simple economics.
Nathanian, recent research in communications have been sure that the universe they produce more dependent, or stone, during their life should have access to more favorite conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what happens if that political connection between the entrepreneur and the intelligence is a more profoundly relationship?
What happens if the smart behavior is not only constructed with the production of a long thing, but it actually comes out of it?
In order to figure out, we have developed a software model called The Argentina, designed to kill a long amount of teacher in any system in which you find within it.
So Street, Team was able to spend a lot of animals of animals -- and play games of humans -- and even to make money to make access -- all of it without that that had been able to do that.
Here are some examples of Test in action.
And as a human human hand, here we look at Test applied a little bit using a career using a cartoon.
So this behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal of it.
I just decided for his mind to break the country.
And this ability to be able to have devices for human rich and technology.
This capacity of tools of tools will have choices in smart mathematical and adults.
And as well as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a lot of a door at the same time.
This capacity of conflict has interesting consequences for economic plan and in a variety of other fields in a variety of other field.
The transportation is a lot of advanced to a variety of doctors.
So for example, here we see it successful by playing a game of put it against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we see Test to make new connections in a social network where the friends are destroying and keep a success of the whole network.
This same network of the network is also activities in the quality of health and energy.
So here we look at Test to organize the robots of a back of background, discovered with success and using the role of Paul to move in the world to the Albary to the Albary to the Park.
And in the same way, Test is really extraordinary to problems in the anti-scale definition, a transportation and transformation.
And finally, here we see the Test specific to find out and go up a strategy of company, visionary in a series of access of action -- except by the activity under their exploration research.
This risk of risk of risk is going to have a little bit of advice in financial and secondary.
Alexander Web. What you have seen is that a variety of mass human human behavior as the use of tools like the use of tools -- and the social conflict, all of the supply of one equality, which leads to a system.
Now, here is a pressure profession.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robot of the robotic term -- the "Computer work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a brain region.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades -- we've had all the concept of the brain record to it.
It's not that the machines will become smart and then markets and they are trying to be able to get out of the world.
It's the whole thing -- that the ability to take the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to take the control -- instead of being the content.
Another important consequences is the search of the goal of the goal of it.
They often ask me, how is it that you will look for the goal of this kind of market, right?
My equivalent to that device to go to the discoveries to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence -- is the next -- the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that trying to make a physical process.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point of influence in human history, something between the control of stars and lose the planet we call "The planet.
Even though in the last few years, we've got a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The mission Kenyan of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that opened around other stars, which is what the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kenya.
The data came back by Kenya. They show the size of the planets that there are between them and their stem stars and their stem star star with it.
And in fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and reasons like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their alone.
At the time, this gives you stores about if these planets we find are open or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this protection of potential world, our own planet.
The year year was the most completely recently.
Gallery and ice ice who have been with us from us in the time now are being done in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we've taken in the global scale have been pretty quickly on our ability to get out of it.
But I am not a science of the climate of the climate ...
And that I study the ability of the planet that was involved by the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for strange opportunities in the moral sector sector here.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look at the Earth planets to the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new world is invited to a company between the planet of the planet and the planets that we know better.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been based on the past and in part of it is why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like "The "Computer.
The supermarkets that the organization -- as the Middle East, they take shows of the market atmosphere and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose their ability
The private companies are now going to do not only short spaces but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all these favorite images remember us to the challenges of our planet -- places that are limited in our imagination with the ideas and paradigm ideas in the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
Let's take the explore of the spectrum areas of our planet that are still going to be able to connect -- very successful places in compared to Mars with Mars with Mars.
Even in the most expensive places and more electronic from the Earth -- the air.
I worry that this situation for the communication of Mars and other planets are going to be a big and short planets -- the impact and the belief of some that Mars would expect out there to save us from the only planet.
For a lot that I really like to be the international exploration, I'm in deep destruction with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the capital of the Earth will be able to have a longer place in the saving bonds.   Thank you.
But the objects for the smart exploration and the land is not constantly.
No, they are actually face of the same money, the goal of understanding it, and to improve life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world.
You just find more close to home.
If we can figure out how to create and keep them social spaces in the human areas.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Park Park.
There are a lot of years ago, the physical physics I asked him, I have to realize that our universe has been there for a long time ago, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Park Park is that when the civilization will become enough enough to be able to continue to be living between the stars -- you lose the notion of how important the planet is to protect the planet of the planets that they put this development out.
It is a surgeon to think that only the Internet communication will save us from ourselves, but the planet is the planet and the smart exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the stories of Mars for the human pressure -- then we should be able to support the most easy task to prevent the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the front part of looking at my balls, I realized I didn't have the legs.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other door and sensors, and all of them were good carefully.
I thought to call a crash, at least had my cell -- but at the name, a crash could take a lot of time to come in, and he made it free.
I couldn't go home from my friend of John to spend night because I had a time at the next morning to the next morning, and I went out of my passion and my bad.
It turns out, but I sure it's not more expensive than a night at the middle of the middle of the night, so I thought, even though I was going out of controls, it was going to go out to me.
I'm a professional neurons and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Little corporate that increase the coral robot, moving the levels of advance and the thinking.
And when I got to the factory of factory in the attack, I realized I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without shooting.
And I started asking you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in your place that they will happen to happen.
Or at least if you happen bad things -- that you measure the possibility that it is a total cartoon.
So I went to think about that, but to a month later my thought didn't create me.
I was running with my colleagues Danning Kanzi, and a little bit of the North Professor, and a little bit I talked about was I had the sense and I had gotten my passion, and Danning shared with me that had been playing something called presentational responsibility.
It's something that he had learned from the Phoenix Gandhi, who had written about this a few years before, known as well.
You all know what it is.
Every time there is a design, a team of experts come and try to figure out what was going on, right?
In the principle, as Descert explain, you look at it and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a principle.
Some of them are effective, others are not so event.
I'm going to start with the obvious people.
In the house, it will make a place for the things that they lose to be easy.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that I support this teeth, based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hospital, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the importance of important things -- where it is -- where the fish -- which is the fish -- which is the fish of the fish, which is the fish of the firemans, where they live the traditional trees and energy.
The hospital is the part of the brain that goes up in the Laboratories of London,
This is the part of the brain that allows us to find their needs.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they had the abstract sense of the streets and even so they could find their needs.
They didn't use the choice, but the hospital, that strange very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
So this is the reason to lose the cars of the car and the landscape of law and passion.
So in home you have a place for the legs, a bank next to the door -- maybe a device plan.
For his passion, a particular card.
For their lawyers of reading -- a particular meaning.
If you want a place and they are connected with it that their things will always be there.
What about the trips."
They take with the cell a picture of their crisis of criticism, and you have to be able to drive up, painting, they will take it up by the right to themselves.
So if these things are lose or the robotics, this can be able to make the support.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when you are under statistics, the brain.
The corporate is terrible and the thinking.
So part of the early practice is to recognize that we are not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their system.
And there is perhaps not more situation that when you face a medical decision of a medical decision here.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of one to be wanted to help them with a decision of it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this is successful as a professor for all of the medical decisions of medical decisions and in fact for the size of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take about which you will be able to be able to be able to be able to make a radical electron of the facts of the facts of the facts of the facts
So let's support that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have the result of the lab and the colleague is a little bit high.
You all know that the high colleague is associated with a greater risk of commercial diseases -- attacked by the heart -- the heart of the brain.
So one is thinking that having the high colleague is not the better, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a status?
And maybe you have heard about statistics, and you know that it's one of the most challenges in the world today. Even it's probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the status?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that has to ask most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for the New, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, NASA."
It is the number of people who have to take a drug or send a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And you have to think what kind of statistics would you think is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work.
And it's not college of the doctor -- and if it is about somebody -- it's the scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the substantial mechanisms.
But the substance of Billion is that 90 percent of bacteria works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to try to treat the most remarkable state -- what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person happen?
300 dollars.
And this is all over the research of Chinese Chinese research and Park Harry, confirming in invention for Ben.
myself.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before it will be able to avoid a single attack of heart -- a brain or a brain event event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, you probably think about 300 of them to go down my colleague.
Why no, doctor? Let me take you out of all of the way.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "The "Ally school effects -- right?
For this particular democracy, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those including things there are terrible things.
But a moment.
You remember that they don't think of the classroom.
So you think about how it would look at this with time, so they don't have to make the amount of reason in the action.
300 people take the family, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 percent of the 300 percent of them are 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the family that you can help the medicine.
I don't say they should or not to take the state.
I just say that they have to have this conversation with their doctor with his doctor with it.
The medical size is part of the beginning of the information of information.
We have access to this kind of information to improve the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air by the value of the car, but actually this number needs to treat is pretty typical is pretty typical it.
For the surgery.
And this is how it is, 44 surgery.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
So those include the impact or the characteristic information, the surface -- the red favorite, the financial fish interview.
And if you get lucky and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just for a year or two.
So the idea of the principle is to think before the questions that you can be able to be able to make the conversation to it.
You don't have to make all of this in the action.
And you also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a many times a lot of times, they want a more short life free free free or a long life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with your family and their own beings.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
You remember our brain free crisis under these, and one of the things that happen at that moment is that they would be a lot of system.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
And I face to face with a depression, you don't need the distribution system or the line or the indicate system, because if the body is spending the molecules in those things, you might not be the market of the laws -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window during those moments of these states is the radical thought, like Daniel Kangard and their colleagues have shown us.
So we need to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all disconnections.
We're all going to be able to deal with it.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those factors -- to put the systems in the place that will help us measure the day, or to prevent that bad things happen in the first place.
And I went back to the night in Mars, when I went back from my journey when I came out of my journey -- I was inspired by a combination of combination on the door -- with a line of the door in the same.
And I have to accept that I still have a lot of charts that I have no order, and lots of messages that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very organizations, but I see the organization as a grandmother process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
International Philipper, Pough, -- is my favorite music.
It means to take a little bit.
If you're taking a musical instrument and you see a design -- you need to take more subject.
Two dollars, even more substance.
Four dollars, extremely substantial.
This is my head of a tree of a tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of dollars may have never come to a complete situation.
That's my definition of simple, a very dark sound -- a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the American system of sensors, and so over a little bit of my own story.
The French language of French came up with the decade of 1990, and with the step of the time, it was killed with local sensors, and they developed the language that we know as Asia.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was sure I was going to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for nothing.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a serious person who lives in a sound of sounds -- it's as if I live in a strange country -- following their rules -- competitions, behavior and normal and normal notes.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people share and respond to sound.
People are kind of like my advances and they put the sound.
I learn that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example, for example.
"You don't know the painting?
"You don't make a lot of room to eat the battle of the private paradox."
"You don't evolve, and when you're eating it, it makes sure that you would not bring the corruptions on the plan.
All of this is called sound subject.
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm successful of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound of the sound that is going to come to me.
From there, this day.
TED.
TED.
TED.
You can see that penguins don't have things in the line.
That's because the lines already have sound through the sounds and the subjective bones.
In the surface culture -- the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "The Stanford in the Asia.
A typical piece has five line.
But to me, I will do the way with my oil so it doesn't feel nature.
This is why I only have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Ben, Alexander, for an artificial research there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
And during this time, I came up and spaces of different galaxies, and while I went from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the technique, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art. It was all autism.
Now the sound has come into my own art.
Is it going to tell me more about art.
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the seats.
I can feel it in a title way, or I can experience it, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reduce the sound of sound and put it into my artificial practice now.
And everything that had taught me at the way to sound to me and I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started creating a new body body.
And when I present it to the artificial community -- I was going up with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
And I realized that sound is like the money, the power -- the control -- the control of the society.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was one, it was some of a young person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could put it to me and my artificial work, or I could be able to get it out.
I chose that I would be done.
There is a massive culture in the language.
And just because I don't use my free voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice in absolutely a single voice in the same.
So I have to work with people who can support me to just like the same and become my voice in my voice.
And so I am able to be responsible to the current society.
So in school, in the work and the institutions -- I work with a lot of different properties.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard me.
And their voices have value.
In order to ask you to pay their voices -- I am able to keep a very early form of value something like that like to take a protection with a very high interaction rate of a very high interest.
If I didn't continue with this practice -- I feel that I could be able to stay on the forget and not have any kind of social value of social value.
So with the sound like my new artificial media in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the simples between music and AIDS.
So for example, a musical notion can not be able to capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
And the two are very special and highly molecules what it means is that it means that they can change the whole meaning as much of the signals as the sounds of sound.
I would like to share you a metaphor of the piece, so that they understand better how the AIDS works.
So imagine a piece.
And the AIDS is designed in a lot of different graduates in many different ways.
If you get a different part for every single single person while you take the piece, as the favorite expression of the body, the speed of the body, the speed of the hand and so on and so on the piece of the hand and so on.
However, the thing is more like a coral, you need the 10 dollars in order to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just have a shop to change.
The same thing about the music in the music in the mountain and the subject and fly it.
And in Asia, when you use these different bacteria -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal standard in that?
So this is the state of that?
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I came out.
There it is.
What are you looking like?
Oh, I lost?
So I went to think about it, and if I look at AIDS through the lines of music."
If I had to create a sense and you get it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the sense of day, the sun goes out and it goes up.
This is all the day.
If you remember it and reduce the speed -- you can just see as a musical piece of it.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can say from all the night.
All the night.
This is all night, in this day.
And this led me to think about a few different kinds of night -- "Silicon, "sense, "From the night --  "All the night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time is going to express the time, and how the distribution to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand. It's a hand, two hours. It's two hands -- the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the street.
So the first example is a lot of time.
Then "Paradox, "So "Steve -- and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very radical idea and discovered at the time, "It was once a time.
"The common time, is a music term with a specific speed of four times per companies.
However, when I look at the word "The common time, I think about at the same time.
Look at MIT, hand right -- MIT.
We have the picture through the head and the sea.
(Many Date, Mars Carden.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as the book, something like this as a common time?
Yeah, very good.
That means "self-started, in the international system.
The international system, as a notion -- is a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the language languages around the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Computer, in AIDS.
Now, the third one. Please look again.
And again.
It is "The Asian in AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Ally "Commander, "Computer, "Computer.
Well, I work together.
You look at how the three signs are very similar -- all of them happen in the head and the fish. But they bring it very different.
It's incredibly amazing to see how that's living and protecting, as the music.
However, today, we live in a very African world.
And only because the AIDS has no sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is and allow us to develop their own value.
And this might be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be safe to learn how to learn how to learn to learn music.
And that's a rich rock and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to send you to open their eyes, open your eyes, to participate in our culture.
And you never know, you can even look at us.
Thank you.
They have Kingthan Kenya.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can tell me all, but then you have to lead it.
The freedom is responsible.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a building of interview or a building building I have to say, because the adults are feeling to protect us to protect it from the true.
By doing that, I understand that the adults are also taught and that they are not very good to clean each other.
The time now I am an adult and I teach city and invented in the Harry school of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk up on the plant to walk up with a lot of baseball.
So as a good citizens -- we clean the plants, and no, it's not being been able to, and if it is, I didn't know.
It's translated to tell you, but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic plants.
It's something straightforward.
And in the last few decades, we've been going on with these big bonds and networks to collect those plastic trees to study them under the microscope, and we collect this information in a map.
But it was very expensive and it is very expensive and it's also very red to use those huge dreams.
So along with my students with six to 15 years, we are going to invest a better way.
We have transformed our own light in Hong Kong in a short.
So we started building this job of work with the advantage that kids very low as well.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools that are great and safe things.
Not exactly problem.
Let's go back to the plant.
We go back the plastic and we cut it into the size that we find it in the ocean -- which is very small -- because of their fraction.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to put them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of putting out of plants, we will only get information.
And by the use of a robot -- we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited with the robots of the robot.
And then we created quickly what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of projects that we ended up before they looked at it.
And we transform lines and cameras in access and we put it into a fundamental robot that will move on the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture that we have in the robot.
We see the plants of plastic flowing literally through the feeling as the computer computer is going to process this image and measure the size of every particular thing, to get an emotion of the amount of plastic in the water.
We give up this invention step in a website in a website in a website called "The Antithers, with the hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and then they are trying to get it out of immediate.
And I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are children very well influenced.
You see the news.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, I clean a piece of oil -- just using the hands -- in Sun, the world's world's largest of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you do, is the water in which the water comes in, the water where the place is, the place where they live.
You can see the water as the water is morally, the back and the oil is also the colleague of the mortality and when everything is going to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specific -- which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a piece of a piece of a space that can fly through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help us figure out what there is in the water.
We took this project with a sense and we put it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to look at a local problem, my students used their company and their sense of creativity to help the way back to other children.
And I was able to research a problem to distribution -- I was able to do a second experiment and I wanted to go a little bit later -- maybe I would take a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a half and half of us, and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a terrible terrorism in Japan in Japan in Japan there was a transportation threat.
It was so violence that you have a number of giant standards, called the telescopes, and those teenagers were developed by several cities in the cost of this of Japan this of Japan at the course of Japan at the course of Japan at the course of Japan at the course of Japan at the course of Japan at the cost of Japan at the cost of Japan in the
More than 14 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power of nuclear power of Fullar, a nuclear center of the water.
And today, according to the anger of a 300 tons are still coming out of the nuclear plant in the Patient ocean.
Today, the whole American West has a content of control for 1850.
If we go to the cost cost, we can measure the root of Shakespeare everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems to be that most of the risk of the radio restaurant from the short cost and most of the moment, it has a safe thing -- it's blue as well.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Shakespeare every year from the access and research in the increase with other scientists -- the land -- and this time, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we get into the control center here you see the use of different markets.
It might seem to seem that they didn't take the work, but they did it because they were going to have to live with the radio everything his life.
Just with them we discovered the data of the day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we create a religious map of the region around the nuclear power of nuclear energy.
We created the map of electronics, we invented paintings to represent data in real time of radio, and we break water to similar the clinic.
And with this we were able to figure out that the radical oil was filtered from the top of the mountain to the right system and it was deployed in the ocean.
It was a strange emergence.
But with based on this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the fish.
We go up to 10 miles of nuclear center and with the help of the area of the area we were running out of the market law with a market of sensitive as we invented and we built us.
Here we see a programmers, we've gone from a local problem to a real problem to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scale. I also with open technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly faster, because we've only been starting to measure the day we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I ask you if we should give up and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a lot of a little bit of it, and so we found an industrial industry in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space to the social impact of social and environmental impact and environment.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it is a place where we can work with motivation, metal, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- you can basically build all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the children of children can be really going to be really with the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
Studies. Attention. Audience: Accomplishment.
County Harry? We ask things like, we can invest the future of the movement with regional energy.
For example.
Or well, we can help in the movement of the age of the old age of the old age to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in
You know, the oil and the rational and the reaction are the terrible landscape, but the worst line that we can leave our kids are the members.
We can't allow the kids to protect the kids of the truth because we need their imagination to invest the solutions to influence the solution.
So the scientific citizens -- the construction, we have to pay to the next generation for the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two cells -- two colleagues of the fast design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of step, the other one of a single sense.
One of them is similar, the other organic one.
So one is important about the environment, the other one it creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael Black said that when he looked at the movie in the brother, I saw a picture that fight for being free to be free to be free for being free for being free to be free for being free for being free to be free for being free for being free to be free for being free to be free for being free for being free to be free
The city was only a new tool of Mexico.
But the lives are not literally.
They grow up.
And in the smaller unit of life, the cells -- we take all the information for each of the information to work on and to be represented.
The tools are also conservation.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been killed by the risk of the family and production in the morning.
The mountain lines have designed a world made of parts -- including the imagination of designers and architects to think about thinking about their objects as a distribution of different parts with different ways.
But you don't find a lot of human material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite piles are depth with distributions of distribution.
The piles of the room are more groups with little passengers.
And you have the main act as a film, the other one as a bar, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts.
This is a system that would go through the way for the variation of statistics.
So here's a distributed screen that represents my vision of the world of the world, the two people of every design and architecture to work right now between the city and the gene -- between the machine and the generation, between the installation and the growth of Harvard Forest and Charles Darwin.
These two viruses in the world, my left hypothesis and the right and survival, and it shows in the two screen after me.
My work, in his most simple level, trying to use these two viruses of the world, coming out of the self-assemble and getting into the growth to growth.
They probably ask you, why now?
Why wasn't it possible to do 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a road moment -- where you build four dollars that come to access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields -- my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design object, products and tools and tools across scale -- like this robot arm with a 1970s of diagnostic with a distribution of diagnostic that some day that some day is not very likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So here we have researching the cell, a architecture of the old architecture of the ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where every atmosphere is just to move the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a piece and a favorite. This was for a movie Montana Monterey -- and it's like a second skin made of one piece made from a single piece of pieces of the content.
And I put it up with a 3D presentation of 3D presentations, we put this piece out and failure of 3D cards between cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
So this case is going to change material materials.
This is the solution of a human brain.
It is also the solution of a Chinese school.
That the designers have access to this high solution of the high solution and the synthetic institutions -- allow us to design products that are not just the way of our body, but also the physical structure of our own trees.
We've also designed a static size, a status in the structure -- and as well as it sounds sound as well.
The Project Carlien, my colleague, we went back to nature to teach you, and when you design this pattern of surface surface, it becomes surprising.
We spend this surface of four different properties that are going to go in risk and color and color -- running to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, and it would be the function of the other material of other material or another subject, but they are going to go into the matter of the materials.
But it's the implant nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't grow me in a record home record, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories of the Bible Hello, and one of them was going to define a lot of what it matters to me.
As she really responded, "In the third day of the Creative, God walked on the Earth to make a traditional tree of fraction.
For that first fraction of frankly, there would be no difference between the trick, radio, both of them.
The whole tree was a fraction.
In change, the land was made to grow trees with rationals, corresponds, and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would the objects look like if the objects were made from one site?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked at that the basic material -- the kind of material of the traditional tree of frankly, and we found it.
The second biological biology on the planet is called an expensive, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like cartoons, college, schools and markets.
We think that if we were able to send their properties.
So that's what we did.
We call it local services --   We asked a lot of cartoons to walk in, and we put them up and we have a store of the subject.
And I'm looking at the chemical conditions -- we have been able to make a lot of proteins of proteins, from dark and darkness, and the light of the light.
To print the structures at a big scale -- it was built a system with a lot of college control control controls.
The robot could be able to look at the materials of the material and create these structures made of a single 3D material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them feel to find a natural form to the air.
So why do we keep designing with plants?
The air boats that were a support of the research process they were used to make some images that they found for the first time on the planet about three billion years ago, as we heard about.
And I put up with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we have the bacteria designed by the grandmothers to capture a quickly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into the arm.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of vision and if it gets even more, and if you put it even more, you know.
A real tree card of frankle.
I'm going to work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life on the planet, and the water and a little bit of synthetic biology -- we have transformed a structure made in an architecture that is shared as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree as a tree of
And here is the best part of it, for objects designed for bankers, put them in the sea -- to feed the market life, and put up in the ground and help grow a tree a tree to grow a tree to it.
The car for our next explore using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating role to keep the life for the international journey.
To do that, we need to draw the bacteria and control their food.
So as the profit shoe, we did our own message of elements -- new forms of life created computers -- familiar and alternative form of biological form.
I like to think about the synthetic biology as the linear angle, just that instead of taking a little bit of printing metals, you feel new biological functions within very small order.
This field is called microscope.
So we present our own 3D citizens to control the flow of these black banks that are literally literally.
In our first piece of classroom, they changed two microscopes.
The first one is the control.
It lives in our oceans and in the straight water.
And the second one, Eastern container, the bacteria that based on human beings.
So one becomes the light of the light, the other thing that we have to do is that they have a little bit of useful biologists for the environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never knew it.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of classroom.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by natural security, but evolution for design.
In order to keep these relationships -- we've created a single song that goes down to the digital treatment that will help them bring these bacteria and they are going to increase their function of way.
And then we started to grow those citizens in the human body -- looking at the properties of the material in the designer of the designer.
If we wanted more pictures -- we were able to do more transportation channels.
This particular decision system is going to be out of an experiment to another 60 meters ago.
This is half the line of a field of stage, and 10 times more than our destruction interviews.
And here it is, as a practice at TED -- our first positive photographers, college lines with life inside the classroom.
Thank you.
Mars Shanghai said, "We are creative crisis in the way -- only half is done."
What if the design is going to provide the other minute?
And if we could create structures that are going to make the living material it?
And if we were able to create personal microbes that are going to take our skin -- they would go up with the tissue and keep our body, and they were going to get our body.
Think about this as a way of making biology.
I call this the materials.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D pressure is a matter of material.
You also know that nature does not do it.
It grows up. All right.
This calculation of the gentlemen, for example, create a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home inside which it is measuring.
The factory is not about this sea level of society.
It makes it through the combination not about two materials.
An act as a structure -- the other one is the performance or the market, by using those pictures between it.
And this happens through scale.
And the fish of the first first has been learned in the environment, it creates a technology structure -- and then it starts to draw a company of competition.
The text and complexity -- the two forces of life, they are supported in a single materials.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works. We put a small phenomenon to the head of a sensor statement, to the heart.
We put it inside of a box with a market with a massive sensors, and that allowed us to create this number of points in three dimensions and visit the complex complexity of the statement of sensor.
And yet, when you put it up in a place in a plan paradox, not within a box -- we realize that I would be a plant and still manage to be a plant and still metabolic military.
So we started to design different environments, different animals, and we've found out that the form -- the compassion, the structure of the capital -- it is brought directly by the environment.
And they often have a sense of seven to the death inside their calculations, their seven standard and it uses in the terrorist industry.
And we saw that by designing these plants we can give up to the service of it without having a single calculation.
And they are self-controlled and we could create these things.
So we did this process to the artificial scale.
We had a high-resolution robot making standards and we put it in our system.
We knew that the sound of seven degrees into the most dark areas and farmers, so we use a solar role of solar to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or hardware, to fix the rains of light and the heat -- by doing the sensors of seven on the structure.
We were ready to get the surgeons.
We were able to be 350 percent of them to a piece of sensor in line.
And after I'm going to feed you four weeks, they were ready to deal with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the authority, and as they were hard, they were going up, they went up, they put them, and the life starts again, and the life starts again, but a lot more close to it.
Berlin File said that technology is the great instrument, and it was right.
When he was going to make a biological sensor on the right stage -- they give all this piece of their interview.
And in a little over two or three weeks or three weeks of six miles of seven miles old.
And in a significant curve, this is also the light of the sensor of the sensor.
The police, after the choice -- they produce a hundred million events.
So this could be used for 25 people in the future.
So here are the two view of the world.
A half of it is through a robotic arm -- the other cardiac full there.
If the last design of design is to give the products and the buildings that you can get us, to form an economy of two materials.
What it brings us back to it of course, of course, at all.
This is a new age of design -- a new age of the creation -- which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design -- which is for us, for the first time, for the first time, we're going to make us close from nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You get your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be a lot."
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show them with the fish.
Three three.
Now, you take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a lot."
It has taken some kind of anti-acceleration.
Any analysis.
I am somebody who could never answer the question "What do you want to be a lot."
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but he had too much.
In the school I liked the English and the mass and the art and the art and the website of the website -- I took the word in a bank called Texas France.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general as I like to try and think of all of us, because there are a long time and energy and energy and sometimes in this field.
But with the time, this sense of advanced, this feeling of this, this is no longer a challenge -- it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I am interested by other thing, something completely different, and I put it up in it, and I let myself open up and I feel about it, and I have found it -- and then again, this point where I start to kill it.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to figure out something new and different and I'd like to get into that.
So this pattern makes me a lot of antibiotics, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all of this in a face.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I would keep all of my other countries, and I will go to shoot.
Another reason why I got so much action was a little more people.
I was worried that there was something bad in this, and something bad in me because it would not stop anything.
I care about having fear of the computer, or to be destroying or to be destroying or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings -- I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have taken up and then I would like to have taken out of it.
They ask themselves where they learn how to figure out the meaning of bad or analog to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
Do you ask us first what do you want to be a lot."
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that no one care what you get to that age of that.
And you think about an English question to produce little answers in kids like, "It's going to be a storyteller, or "It's basically banking.
They're going to be able to be able to go up with Harvard here.
And this question is a question and again as we grow out of different forms -- and so on.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a lot."
It goes out of being the kind of leadership of before you get the dream to us.
Why?
If this question was inspired by the kids to be able to be what they might be, they wouldn't be inspired with everything they might be.
In fact, it just makes the content, because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they are going to be able to be given and say, "Oh, how much of you will go and say, "Oh, you can't be an act of violence and psychologists.
You have to explore?
This is Dr. Bill Chicago -- and he is an act of violence and protection.
And this American New Yorker, which is controlling it in inflation, company, teachers and creative distribution.
But most kids don't have to talk about people like this.
All you know is they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very likely in our culture.
It's this idea of the destiny or the real vision, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and determine their life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to get out of their culture and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And there is something bad with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You're a music.
A music is someone with many interest and creative activity.
It's a bank for that.
It could help if you go up in three parts.
You can also use other terms that control the same idea.
For the time of the Research, the ideal was who I was good to look at a lot of distributions.
Barbare San is about us as "The storytellers.
They use any term that you like or they make a own.
It looks like a kind of adaptations to a community -- we can't be able to agree with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the music as limited or advice that you have to come in.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge factors to being this way.
So here are three cultural supply.
One, the idea of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the conversation.
Stand Hollywood and Robert Bob would express their interesting interest in cartoon, vision of data.
It is a company that creates little games that create general settings.
This thing was happened to do this idea that was just this idea for his engineering metal and experience.
The innovation.
From there the new ideas.
And the authorities, with all of their antibiotics, can access to a huge amount of these interactions of them.
The second culture is the fast.
When the music is interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are willing to be presentational, because it was a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of making new things and will come out of our common areas.
A lot of skills are traditional to other discussions, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we went on, so we would be able to go out of screen.
North Dolland is a value at a full time and strange writer.
As a pilot child personality is an amazing ability to develop the molecular memory of it.
Now, she is the most quickly metal meeting.
Before I turned up in write -- North was a financial plant.
And I had to learn the most financial self-applies when they started their practice -- and this ability to help him write a little bit of conventional landscapes for the education.
It was a time of time to give up to what you're going to do -- even if at the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you couldn't have seen it.
The third culture is the advance. I mean, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a daily situation.
It has Congress is sometimes distributed of videos -- another design of pages -- sometimes controlled from King, sometimes and sometimes -- and sometimes when you look like, James Benjamin.
It's valuable because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to take some of the records on the needs.
And the Red Country destroyed advice as the most important ability for development to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and present that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to protect the needs of the market -- the ones that will actually be there.
So you have a lot of ideas -- fast learning and advanced, three skills where they are very ice, and three skills that you could lose if they're ready to reduce their objects.
As a society, we have a great interest in finding the music to be themselves.
We have complex problems, metabolism right now, and we need creative thinking to make them.
Let's say they are in your heart, specialized.
They came out of the wind to know because they wanted to be a depth neurons.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are shared from a species and a commercial music.
And the space can be able to go into deep and put it in practice of ideas -- and the culture is a complete of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship of it.
But we should all design lives.
And, by the way, the music in a big part of them are supposed to just be more like their specific companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that it is this -- it turns out with the Internet, it's what it is.
If you are a heart of heart -- then, especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the cultures in the room, including those who were just going to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, represent with their lots of peace.
They follow your cure for those control markets.
They explore the interactions.
It will open us our interest cartoon leads to a more anti-start and happy life.
And maybe most importantly, musicians, the world needs?
Thank you.
In the year, a woman named Australian called the prison in France.
And I couldn't remember and I couldn't remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
I didn't know how to help August, but I went up for it until it was, by the way, I made in 1998.
And after his death -- Alexanders did a supply and they found strange plants in the brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you've been able to have been living today, we couldn't give it more help than the Alexander gave him 14 years ago.
All of them was Dr. Alexander Albert.
And August Descript, the first patient in getting a distribution that we now call African disease.
So since 1.2 percent medicine has gone too much.
They have discovered antibiotics and values to protect them from the infections, a lot of treatment for cancer.
But it has been protected in the treatment of the Albary.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alexander since more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Albary now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, I will affect 150 million that, by the way, you will include many of you.
If you hope to live to the age of 50 years or more, the possibility of how to control Alexander will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years ago with Allen or help care to a friend or to be wanted with Albary.
It's just in the United States, the car of Alexander costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical authority is spent in the disease.
Now it's the most expensive disease, and their cost is a film of five times in the year 2007, as I get the generation of the baby bank.
It may be surprised, but the Albert is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been done very little to get it.
Today, one of the 10 percent of the five-season causes of the world is the only one that you can't be able to protect or even release their development -- or even break their development out.
We understand less of the Albary than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer that in the fact that the fact that it costs us more of the Alexander and causes a number of people like cancer.
The lack of resources is because of a more fundamental cause of the concept.
Because this is what a few people know about, but all the world should be a disease, and we can cut it out.
For most of the last 1840 years, all of the scientists -- the scientists -- the scientists -- the scientists with the engineer.
We think it's going to be sitting in a normal part of the non-profit part of it.
But you only have to look at a picture of a picture of a human brain.
In order to figure out a loss of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day of the brain is going by the brain in the rest of the life, and it's always morality.
You remember, Dr. Alexander found plants and strange cells in the Bronx brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of proteins of proteins.
You can think of a program of protect as a piece of paper that gets a participant as a origin.
There are places in the role that are protecting.
And when it comes well, these performing dots end up in the interest of it.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some of them are going to be in the outside of it.
So this makes sure that the protein molecules are presented between each other, making groups that can form big plastic and cells.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Albary.
We have spent the last 10 years at the University of California.
There are a lot of steps and the identify of what happens to be complex is complex -- as a bone.
It could make a cartoon could do anything.
It would be able to make the end of it that you can make the bone.
And you have to find the right step that you know, and then create a drug that will do it.
As much as it makes a little bit of a little bit of the cards and I hope the best and the best of the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- scientists -- genes, physics, physics and mathematics and mathematics and math now.
And together, we've been able to figure out a critical step in the process. Now it's going into a new kind of drugs that are going to be a new kind of drugs that are going to have a little bit to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I was going to try to try and try to try and try and try and try to try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try
So these are the goodbye games, and you can see that they move with normal notes.
And these goals, on the other hand, they have a program of program that will be put between each other, as in humans with Albary.
And you can see that they are clearly different.
But by giving our new drugs to these guys in a long time, then we see that they go out and live a normal life.
This is just a political result of it, but the research like this shows that Alexander is a disease.
After 1980 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so to grow that hope out of it, you need to see the Allen, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to figure out that Alexander is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have become more research and experimental pressure about government.
That was essential to move in the HIV treatment at the end of the 80 at the end of the 80s.
Now we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But the African patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families.
So it really depends on you.
The Albary is not in most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help them talking about them, and they help to go out of a face.
Thank you.
I put this article in the American love of the New York Times -- in the end of this year.
To look at somebody to do this.
The article is about a political study -- designed to create radical love in the lab, and my own experience when I try to try it on a night of the last summer in the past.
So the process is quite simple -- two stories are taken up to make 35 more and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12 -- if you could be able to stay with a quality or science, what would it be?
Number 24, when it was the last time you put up to another person, another person.
And it's it?
As you go up, these are more and more people.
Number 3,000 -- this really likes -- Dick to your point what you get out of him or she -- I know so much of this time, and I gave things that you didn't tell someone that you have ever met on.
When I gave this study a few years ago a few years ago I was really called the attention -- the children that two of the particles had been spent six months later and invited all of the lab to competition.
So it was specific about this process of making record love, but of course, I was also interacting.
And when I had the ability to test this study -- with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to look at it.
I don't know, we looked at it, and I thought that it was a good story, so I sent it to the Monterey Computer Monterey a few months later.
That was published in the end, and now it's a standard, so I guess some of you would probably ask you, set together together.
And the reason I think that I think is because they have done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before you put the article was very nervous was very nervous it.
I had been working on a record book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in the red love in my forest.
But a balloon can come to a few hundreds of view as a lot, and those were usually just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will be probably a few thousand times.
And that made a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship relationship here.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in a line on the night, and you know, this was happening in the traffic of my blog.
And the domain, I was called the State State and the Google Mars America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million viruses -- and I was, to say something like this kind of attention.
One thing is to be able to figure out what they were writing with significant experiments on your own amazing experiences -- but another thing is to find out that life life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state of your new relationship of your new relationship of your new relationship
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- they were always doing the same question -- they still follow together.
In fact, when I was paying this talk -- I did a quick question in the light of my language with the farmer, "What are you going to be stuff?
And a number of messages came up with me.
They were out of students and strangers and college strangers like this.
I was inspired in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a woman came up to the scale, "The Monterey "What your neighborhood?
And I immediately put it up.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I was not ready for the research of the answer.
The 35 questions seem to have changed life.
In fact, the New York Times published a completely complicated article for San Valley, which including the experience of the laws when you test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first thing to all this attention was to be very responding to my own relationship with my own relationship with.
I said that not to every position that we would both make a public application together.
I was going to go up with telescopes, and redesigned the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become a fear of us in the bottom of the market process -- a reason for the one I didn't feel in the career of it.
And I understand that people did not want to know only if the study would work, they wanted to know if it really works -- or it is, if it was able to produce perfect love -- not just a property, but love love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel about it.
My relationship had a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people put the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to get together or not, and it's going to be designed?
If the answer was no, it would do the experience of doing these 35 questions less interesting questions?
Dr. Art Art wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1999, and there the goal of the research was not to produce regional love.
Instead of that, I was looking at the personal students between college students -- using what they were called San American personality, protection and recorded.
It sounds red red, right?
But the study does work.
The paradigms were feeling more close to do it. There are various studies were also used to be used by the Project African Random as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between the police of the police and the community -- and you've used it between people of political political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I worked last summer -- that I changed personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was called in this one, but unfortunately, it was never published on it.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little University of free arts -- and then a student came back to me and he said to me, I took the study and they didn't work the study and not work.
He seemed hard for it.
And I said, you want to tell you about the person with who they did it?
Well, he made a pattern.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
I feel that I did have to know better after trying to try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try to try and try to try to try to try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try to try and try to try to
The sea.
So it would work.
But I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I took up with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was running a really difficult sense.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- which I was particularly my entire life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I came back in science.
And I found everything that I could find about the science of the love love -- and I hope that that could be a certain way to fly the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought that I just invented for the book that I wrote -- but it seems really obvious -- it seems really obvious to me.
I thought that if I took up with the knowledge of the real love, I would never have to feel as bad.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more trust to figure out what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you can do to me.
What I'm looking for love is a garden, not just to be love today.
It may be that this is the short thing that people wanted when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 35 questions is that there may be a job to look at it.
There may be a way for some way to kill some of the important risk -- and this is a very adaptable story because it would look at us to make us feel wonderful -- but it's also a transport.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask you, still follow together.
And his content with an answer of Sea or not.
So more than a question that we ask to do more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who your love does and who isn't it?
How are things going to stay up when things are going together, and how do you know when you close and distinguish?
So how do you live with the increase that including a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the door of your participant?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more important conversation about what to love somebody to love to someone else.
So if you want to be a small version of the story of my relationship -- is this -- a year ago, a year ago, and I took a study designed to create red love -- we were looking at it, we still follow together, and I am very controlled.
But look at it is not the same thing that will be done.
Let's look at the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote -- the love didn't happen.
Let's start we look at because we take the choice of it.
And I took a little bit of the reading right now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I didn't consider all of what that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would take that decision -- and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose to me or not.
I want you to be enough to have been done and it turns out about 35 questions -- there will be electricity to love someone so general, and it would have seen that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done, in change, is to make my relationship in the kind of mission in which I don't think true.
And what I look like, and what maybe going to spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want the final happiness in the size of my article -- which is -- the only part of the article that I actually didn't write with.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to look at somebody and the hope that he would also love me, and it is a transportation, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a lot of standards in front of it, and in a way, I got like a generation of the forest of the forest for the forest of the forest for the forest of the forest for the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of the forest of
The city in New York makes a time.  something that really helped me but more likely to get a little bit more.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a movie box, and I was going to get a dollar of a dollar -- a pill and a tent on it somewhere in College.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few of them will find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species are going in, for example, how we eat the statements.
I had no idea.
In all forms -- because here I am here, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Harry -- I like to go up and make a surgery and make sure and all of those robotics -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother, and I was doing a colleague for my mother me.
And I took a drug and I took up all the page and I made a kind of climate charges to the State Mars -- the correct of resistance and a bar was attached on.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is architecture to them, so I have a more record in the line, thinking that I could get it.
In change, it came up with the content -- in some way it seemed like it looked like, as if it was going to look at the text with a light.
So I did -- I built more box.
And this time, I started to add electronic elements -- robots, strange strangers that I was finding on the street -- everything that I could find because I was looking for things all my life, trying to get up and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can figure it up, to draw it out of a car in the scene of the crisis.
And I took the objects and I created my own piece of specific species.
First of all, baby -- that you can make an idea.
And then I did a little bit of insects and extraordinary creatures here.
It was very fun.
And it was great, because I started looking at explorations and those things, and I was spending some money, to take my name to continue, for example, going to Situal.
It was stuck, man.
In some point I was interested in the human form -- social scales of natural size of human beings inside the cars.
It was great, except for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the challenge was going to kill me.
And I was going to the face every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use life.
And I started to draw in the land of video, similar to the day in a window -- then in another window and another sense, and I had all these situations together that they were going to make a traditional behavior.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the research.
So I did this for years, and my work is with something very big -- I call "the protection.
For the professor, I was inspired in a big measure in "The David of Declarian Delegues, which is a picture in the Museum of the Project in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic face.
They say it is a little bit of their time.
Well, the protection.
It was 11 thousand dollars.
Five feet long.
It has a little bit of face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the sea.
On the left, it is Jesus and leaders.
There is a correct where all these creatures with animals are living between two world.
They go out of the world of the represent of the world, to this increase of an animal market where they get on.
So here is where the creatures with animals are started by the end, ready to save in the mass in the ocean.
The ocean is made of thousands of food.
So this is a bird bottle to a card.
Bill Grandmother is in the sea, the House -- the House of the driver, Walley -- the Barty Brown Brown British, there are all kinds of rational things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of women.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I hope oil in one hand while the other hand is going to get them.
Their hands are like balloons and it looks like a microscope that keeps the Earth and the companies in the back.
So it's a time of the transportation.
It's a little bit a nation.
That's the hand in which I space.
And then when you go on the other hand, it has a transportation, like a piece of piece, and I hope the non-profit bone.
It also has a colleague of five meters of a series that I used to the protection.
All of a sudden, his colleague is fighting on the place on a value.
I don't know why it happened.
So things that are going on, you know.
And his color ended up in a college colleague of colleague made of 1990 terrorists of 1998.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the decade of 1990, as if they were out of the bankers of the terrorists.
And so I'm going to go up to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you call "presentation?
It's about a six years to do 100 of these human beings to do.
Every one of our culture is a culture of our culture, through media and materials are educational or distributions.
But every single thing like a kind of architecture kind of being human to be human -- and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They are like cells -- they go together, they go up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking me.
Each one is basically a little bit of microbes that have been 300 miles with a human human in their interest in their interest here.
This has a little content in the sky.
That's the head -- it's the book, you can get the content.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there is a care that comes out of the fear -- and I put it out of the person or the piece of it is that you have, a kind of anti-search thing.
It's a quick record of these works because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have capitalism, you can see.
This is a body.
This has two head, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few plants that come out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little strange stage inside the time cartoon.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the bees that we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a bank box. It's called Pennancy Wars.
In this box there is a physics -- a negative, a photograph, a machine, a school, a surgeon, a market, a museum, a school, a school, an authority of the discovery that we do in the world.
Let's look at the box and all people in the middle of each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, that this illusion that we are different -- these concept of the countries, the contrasts of the records, the religion, it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we did not start changing those things with the business and people are all going to die very soon at all.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get the head?
They take a supply.
But so that it has to be effect against the pain -- first of course, the interviews and the interactions and other organs.
It will take a paint is the most effective system and inventing so that any drug drugs in the body.
The destruction, though, is that when you bring it any drug in the distance.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV with HIV
When they take anti-scale drugs -- these are going to make a number of viruses in the sand, and increase the recent of CD.
But they are also known for their high side effects in their own negatives, because at the time they take to get to the street corruption, they are dealing, and worse even for the time that they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important.
These are regions of the body as the linear galaxies, the nervous system, the nuclear system, where the virus is invented and not even in the bottom of the patients that are supposed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be reduced with anti-scale drugs with anti-scale medicine.
However, after the treatment of treatment -- the virus can stop and make new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current factors that is a treatment of life in the world.
One day, I sat and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the destination of the virus without the risk of democracy, without the risk of democracy."
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, the teachers, of course.
If you use it in an approach, for the quality of strangers and surgery of disconnections, they can be used for anything like this, including the immune transformation of the medicine.
In fact, we're already using them to open up to open or make a little bit small holes -- that open up and run almost increase the cells that are involved with HIV to identify the medicine.
The best people ask you, "How is that possible?
We sent a little and powerful power to take up on the cell female by HIV as well as these cells are involved in a line that has the family.
And the leader goes through the cells, while the cells are going to be a matter of microscopes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is represented insulin.
We're going to do this technology in the end of the police or the police of Peter, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body -- put it into the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our leader, we will make an income in the site of the information.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes to the site of the information.
And finally, the third head, an instrument that designed the family, which is free directly in the site of the information, while the leader is used again.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of moment.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total education of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all research of HIV -- in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I've been studied by straight groups not statistically, organizations like terrorists, investments or microscopes.
They do what these groups do.
My goal is to understand the better of these violence generations of violence and study ways to increase the transition of the violence of violence to the control of violence.
I do a field of field in the world of policy and in the ball.
It will understand these groups is key to solve almost all of the conflict in course because the war has changed.
It used to be a state between state.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the states and anti-scale actions.
For example, in the age of 24 people who were filmed between 1999 and 2010, 1990, they went between a state.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to be able to get them into any of them or get them into any process of successful conflicts of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what makes these organizations look like.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but no one would love what they do when they don't know.
The short shoulder and the policy is not related.
It's all part of the same organization of the same.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less to get them, without a global view.
The groups of today.
For example, the Liberian Haiti, known by his violence against Iraq.
From his creation in the 1990s in the developing decade has also spent a political particular, a network of social services and a military spirit.
In the same way, the Palestinian Paul, known for his audience attacks against Israel -- as well.
And so these groups do more than just to do.
They're multiple.
They take a complex mathematical mathematics, statistics of roof, street states, stem stem cells in the Internet.
And here they have the Internet of Israel, and they have the interview in English and published to reach up.
The groups are also involved in a complex record of formats with no costs, but through the research business -- for example, companies of construction companies together.
These activity are key to these activity.
They allow these groups to increase their family, to increase their forces -- to get better and build their market.
The groups are also doing something else, they create more forces with their population in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social services in social
They build schools -- they put hospitals, they put it in a lot of professional form of professional forms or mass.
Hello does all these services and more.
The groups are also trying to connect the population by getting something that the state is not surprised, security and protein.
The subject of the tasks in an Africans in an African developed for the war or even the beginning of the beginning of Islama, you can also understand the effects of these groups to make security of these groups.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, we will produce social services that means to get a vaccine, a gap left by the government, and it allows these groups to be able to be able to be able to make their power.
So for example, the electronic violence of 200 percent of us can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scale, even in the West -- when we look at the groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that is not enough to understand the formats of these groups -- the strategy or the long time.
These groups are hard.
They grow up because they come up with the government by the government, and they come up as a group and political groups -- they pay in the visual fight and give them good.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated of these organizations are these organizations -- we can tell them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Hollywood."
They take a part of a terrorism, they put all of their function -- they pick up the back, you get the back on the status system.
Is it a state? It's a regular group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is India."
The lines are defeated.
We live in a world of states of states without state and hardware, and the more you are the states that are the states in the Middle East -- the more they come up and get that gap and they get that gap to the actions not generally.
This is important for governments because to control these groups will have to have to invest more in a military tools.
It's going to get that government of government has to be in the center of any social approach.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better groups -- we're going to understand the better thing to be able to figure out how to figure out the transition of violence to not violence, not violence, not violence
In this new device between state and anti-search actions, the military power can make some balls, but not going to give us peace or station.
In order to make these governments we need a long thing to get up with that piece of security -- to reach that government of government that allowed these groups to be able to pay in a principle of it.
Thank you.
I'm a family as a woman and as a family.
And my choices about the generation of the gender are true, but I love to accept the paradigm of "the "Computer, it would be invisible for films.
I'm fundamentalism, but pretty bad.
And so I got up as a bad family.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The bad film, and then in the interview -- people started to call the Mars Mars.
So what I started as a personal arm to myself and a depth of defense, has become something bigger at something big.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- especially in my person and at the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas on the films, these dangerous women.
Today, I see how the women all around the world and the sand, in particular, it looks like a perfect answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the knew that I was using people when I could be film.
It will be starting as a family was a choice, a word and destroying word and destroying.
And I was sent as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I was too too much associated and it goes back to believe that it's just like the same or survival to a man.
No one wants to be that regional woman until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
At the time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am in fact, in fact, and so on.
For me, some and the women are analogies, women are equal to men.
Let's look at the same step on the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to do it, free or violence or violence,
We have right to use a easy way to use it and access to the artists and the restrictions of it.
We have the right to decide about our bodies without the need of linear control or educational discussions.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women -- you have to have to tell our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body.
We have to have to tell these differences and how they affect us, in the same way it matters what we have in common.
without this kind of environment, our females is not anything.
For me, these truth is effective, but to be clear -- I'm a design.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conflict.
When I get into the work, I listen to the work, I hear it all the way out.
Even though the law is going to get the women, and I was presented by the Clinton San Santa Santa Santa Twitter is amazing.
"I do actually do with your morning sand.
People do that, donated until you put the control.
Think about it.
It would be possible, right?
I am completely marine for my music.
I think in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
I don't want nothing to do with that.
The reason is my favorite color here.
It comes out of the way and the good things.
And I can see "The Bangladesh and the regional communities, and I have a lot of characteristics of how many people are being done.
Some of my details are more destroying.
If a woman wants to put the step out of his husband -- it's their choice -- and I'm not who to play it.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes extremely fly through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is confronted in a way that makes women be economic when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
It turns out the conventional feedback that has invented or definitely discussing the need of women of color -- the workers and the workers and transportation, the face of the white women and the head of the white ways and the high.
listen to it, if that's good formations I'm a very bad film.
It also happens the next thing -- as a family, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this theory of putting films on a start.
We hope that they go back to the perspective.
When you get rid of us, we're going to stay them up with a lot of the same point where we put them.
As I said, I'm a designer? I have been able to think about that fear before you try to put it there.
too much women, particularly the institutions and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being starting as films.
They have fear to put up and say, "Yes, I'm family, for fear to what it means is that I mean, for fear to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be related with the little restrictions.
Let's take for British to Bertle, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a depth of depressing.
In the United States Alexander African America, in Monality, activate from the word "the "The "The "The threat of three meters of airplane.
It was a management species, and I would see this star of the day to open up the formation and make women know the women and the young men that will be film is something to be protecting.
And I spent the time, cultural creatures were starting to be interesting depression if you've got to do it or not even film.
They captured their feeds, instead of just creating the word of an adult woman and moral woman.
We are present of the films, because we are still fighting for a lot, we want to do so much, we need so much.
We're going to go far beyond the conversation and the construction of the sensory of any woman.
We don't need to do that.
The bad formation, or most of them -- a more including formation is the point.
But what's going on?
We went back to recognize our choices to give you the action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear music music -- I am creating a device for artists that would be more than happy to make a clean supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we take the change.
No matter is hard.
Why is your music that will be so dead."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to make a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are doing that it makes it more difficult for women to make the emotion, the language that we all look at and is our responsibility to it.
I think about my sensors, three and four years.
These are two management girls -- decided and basis, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world in a world.
So where you get through the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, of course, the best choice is looking like something much easier to do.
We all can take better decisions together.
We can change the song when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a destiny, is going to get the Bronx Bronx.
We can change the rate of radio when we listen to women who treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the center in another part when the film don't treat women more than the medical objects as a medical objects.
We can stop support the professional designers where they are trying to treat their companies as a bones of bone.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put in their restaurant, to be working in your project, or working with you, until you don't even even even even even have enough number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions -- so much to participate how to take decisions to make decisions -- so much to be able to
I'm not going to work with you.
Those of us who are supporting but invited to participate in these kinds of projects -- we can also be able to get increasing even as we are going to be able to support the bars to the designers of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of
Because we are not a few times -- without these effects -- without taking these positions, our gas are going to mean very little bit.
We can buy these little act of value and expect our decisions to get to the top and the people in the digital power and products and music, Chinese, the people who can take big decisions -- more valuable, to create a hard and significant change.
We can also be able to add our females, well, bad or anything else.
The last line of my book "Market "The "Love "The "Love "The "Love "Is it says, "It's going to be a bad family to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say that, about all, because I love my voice to me, and the females helped me get it.
There was an increase.
I call it increase to make what happened.
So a few kids would tell me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They tried to me.
I started to believe that it wasn't nothing.
And they went up my voice and after everything I was not going to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing it.
And with it I went back to write it.
I became a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like more, and the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the pile in this world.
The words of women who showed me that it was not anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is power beyond what you can measure it.
across the writing and the females, I also discovered that if it was a little bit valuable, another woman could go back and look at it and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other, I have the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad film, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do and what I do, without taking everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit valuable, when you need to be a little bit of it.
Just after the last year in the past year -- 1970 kids in California. They had to be able to have been able to have seen Design or to be exploring someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the face with California.
One of the traditional things of this brother is that the short that can be favorite for a child with a child with a distance of disconnected industry, is one of the most exciting diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this for more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Middle East, they had not been valuable because their parents had fear of something even worse, the antibodies.
But a moment -- it was not the article that depends up the policy on the autism and the values of the devices and discovered and marketing for being a factory for the Montana Marshall Japan."
It doesn't believe most intelligent scientists than the theory that the values are cause is a student?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still going to be able to put that the values are going to put their children to have antibiotics.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the authority of the authority in the time.
For most of the 20th century in the 21st century, the car was considered a very strong disease.
The few psychologists and personality that I had heard about it is they created all his professional life without seeing a single case.
So for decades, the presentation states were still just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to be shown to it.
It's the forces of forces like Antarctica Stands to be responding to the animals as an efficiency, as if I could connect from another child in English.
What's going on?
If you are not values, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the University of Australian University -- what is going on, they tend to be based on fractions like "The "Chicken distribution of the "Computer, and a better design of cases, to explain these growing characters.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fear of a young mother that search in the face of your two years of two years, the visual contact of it.
If you have to be able to go out, why were they so restricting to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s in 1990.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to be less than what we can do with the legal progress of the science of science that with the power power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what animals and how they discovered it, but that story turned out that it turned out, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in the global public health.
There was a second bit more price story that had lost and forget in the dark corals of the clinical line.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with an incredible paradox, I read Karana Karada, from the hospital John Hongs. In 1994, Paul published an article that described to 11 young patients who seem to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make private
They were able to give up for hours by spending the hands to their faces -- but they were presented from the top of the message as when you didn't put their favorite piece in their favorite place without knowing it.
In the base of the patients treated in their clinical clip, Paul species that the car is very risk.
For the decade of 1990, as a printed authority of the world in the time, it would tell that I had seen less than 150 times from his search as I was back in the research of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be strange, because the Koreans of Kenya.
For example, I decided to give up that diversity to kids, but now we know that education is very common in the autism.
Once he had been able to become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to be automatically going to give them a distribution of autism.
Kenya.
It called the autism as a form of increasing physical physics that are made by free parents and depressing.
These kids, he said, they have been available in a record that doesn't stop.
At the same time, Paul noticed that some of their patients had special skills that are running in certain areas like music, the mathematics and the memory and the memory experience.
One of the kids in your clinical could be able to draw between 18 minutes before it would be about two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite disconnected, he was exactly said, "Beat.
But Paul had a bad impact of these skills -- looking at things like kids were just remember what they had heard of their parents -- hope to win their approach.
As a result of it became a source of search for families and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general world.
It was not to the 1990s that the researchers started to test the theory of Kenya.
London Wikipedia, Polio Police of London, I thought that the theory of the mothers were going to be a lot of strangers.
She and his wife John were climate people, and they had a deep administration called Sun.
Leaning and John knew how hard it was to create a child like Sun without support service -- without special education, and without access to other resources.
In order to define the National service of health that they needed more resources for the children and their families and their families and their colleagues and their colleagues who decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made a study of autism in the general population.
They put a supply of London called Cambridge to try to find kids in the community.
And what they saw was that the Monterey model was too limited -- because the reality of animals was much more complicated and fun.
Some kids could not talk at all.
In other ways, these kids were not going to be able to go up in the bankering and sadly, as John, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Monterey model of Kenya.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been lost of these children before.
But then London found a challenge to a pain of the piece in 1970s, the next year the next year, and then he came up with the content of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kenya.
There was not even a treatment to the English -- but by the way, the Shanghai of London was talking about, and he took it for it.
The doctor is an alternative story.
His car was a man named Hans September, which would give a clinical clinical with an international school, in the decade of 1990.
The ideas of San South for the teach of children with a learning of learning was even productive in the same time.
The morning in their clinical started with the kinds of experiments with music with music, and kids follow their games on the end.
In a place that we can be able to take the automobiles to cause the autism as a political discussion of life that they have to do with a life of support and space.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their clinical as patients as patients -- Stanford I call them their little teachers -- and it was given to help in the development of education of education that were especially right for them.
Fundamental saw saw the car as a different content that I was able to take a lot of distributions and discussions.
He believed that the autism and the artists were common and they always have been looking at it.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art.
Line and June found that Paul was wrong in which the car was an amazing thing that the parents were career.
In the next few years, they worked in the situation with the American American Americans in order to apply the crisis of the distribution that would represent the diversity of what they called a state state.
In the end of the 80 and early principles -- their changes came into the video, including the limited model of Kenya.
These changes are not going to be a road card.
And the Carolina and June would work in front of them in order to represent these crisis, people around the world are going to look at an adult animal for the first time.
Before I would come out Japanese Mars, in 1997, just a little crisis, I was going to be a little bit of experiences to know what it was the authority, but after the Albary access of Design Bank like Rome Bangladesh and the recent of Japan Mars, with four pressures of the World Andrewed and parents of the whole world knew what was authority.
At the same time, they were inspired by the first clinical evidence of used to be able to draw the autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little crisis of experts to make a distance for his child.
The combination of Jose Mars, the changes in the creatures and the interaction of these test they created an effect of network -- a perfect present of the concept of the authority.
The number of designers began to get up, just like President and John, in fact you would expect that it was so that the people with adults and their families finally got the support and the services that they do.
And then Antarctica Washington came back to the values for the increase in the distributions in the distributions. A simple -- powerful history as a bad story as the authority of Kansa that authority was amazing.
So if the current emission of the center that one in 18 children in the United States are in the space -- it's right in the space, is right one of the largest microbes in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are to solve by the new medical arms, and the term of the neurological terms, to fix the variety of the human conversation.
One way to understand the neurons is to think about terms of human operating systems.
And the fact that a door doesn't work with Williams, it doesn't mean it's robotic.
And after the automatic students -- the normal human brain is easy to be easily difficult, social -- and it goes out of a attention of attention to them.
However, people are distributed to live in a world doesn't build for them.
70 years later, we are still coming back to San, which creates that the "Children for the most exciting things are found in the understanding of the teachers -- electronics with ability, and the parents of support, and the parents with the potential of their children.
A woman named King Zealands once said again, we need all the hands in covered to be able to reduce the box of humanity."
And as we go into a fundamental future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to develop not a brain.
Thank you.
